CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT

THIS CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made as of June 21, 1999 (the "Effective Date") by and between I-ESCROW, INC., with its principal place of business at 1730 S. Amphlett Blvd., Suite 233, San Mateo, California 94402 ("i-Escrow"), and 2THEMART.COM, INC. having its principal place of business at 18301 Von Karman Avenue, 7th Floor, Irvine, California 92612 ("2TheMart").

1. DEFINITIONS.

(a) "CONTENT" means all content or information, in any medium, provided by a party to the other party for use in conjunction with the performance of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, data or software. Content provided by 2TheMart is referred to herein as "2TheMart Content" and Content provided by i-Escrow is referred to herein as "i-Escrow Content."

(b) "CO-BRANDED SITE" means the web-site accessible through Domain Name, for the Services implemented by i-Escrow. The homepage of this web-site will visibly display both 2TheMart Marks and i-Escrow Marks.

(c) "CUSTOMERS" means all users who access Co-Branded Site.

(d) "DOMAIN NAME" means www.iescrow.com/2TheMart.

(e) "ESCROW SERVICES" means services for auction sellers and high bidders whereby an agent holds a buyer's money in trust until the buyer approves the applicable item that was physically delivered, at which time the agent releases the buyer's money to seller, after subtracting the escrow fees.

(f) "INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM" means the mechanism by which 2TheMart transfers to i-Escrow information to populate the applicable i-Escrow transaction and user registration forms.

(g) "LAUNCH DATE" means the first date on which the Co-Branded Site is pointed to in all references to i-Escrow from 2TheMart auction site, and the Information Transfer Mechanism is publicly deployed (post-beta).

(h) "MARKS" means all domain names, trademarks and logos designated by a party for the other party's use in conjunction with such other party's performance under this Agreement.  Marks designated by 2TheMart for i-Escrow's use are referred to herein as "2TheMart Marks" and Marks designated by i-Escrow for 2TheMart' use are referred to herein as "i-Escrow Marks."

(i) "SERVICES" means i-Escrow's implementation and performance of the Escrow Services as of the Effective Date, as modified over time.

(j) "SHADOW SITE" means the site where Co-Branded Site is made available for 2TheMart's testing of the Information Transfer Mechanism prior to being made publicly available.

(k) "TRANSACTION" means a transaction utilizing the Services that actually closes and that was initiated by a Transaction Inquiry from a Customer.

(l) "TRANSACTION INQUIRY" means a Customer's submission of i-Escrow's standard New Transaction Inquiry form (or its successor) on or through the Co-Branded Pages.  Currently this means entry of a description and price of merchandise by a user (buyer or seller) who agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of the Services, together with email address of the other party, regardless of whether or not any Transaction is completed.

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





2. DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION.

2.1 OVERVIEW.  As set forth herein, 2TheMart will promote Services to its auction users (buyers and sellers), and i-Escrow shall develop Co-Branded Site, and develop the Information Transfer Mechanism working with 2TheMart to make Services available seamlessly to Customers. Unless otherwise specified, each party shall be responsible for all development, hosting and other costs associated with the pages resident on their servers and all emails to users they send.

2.2 INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT. The parties shall negotiate in good faith to determine the initial operation of the Information Transfer Mechanism and to describe such operation and development fees, in a statement of work ("SOW").  Each party shall make available sufficient and qualified engineers to negotiate the SOW.  No SOW shall be binding on the parties unless mutually approved by both parties.  In the event that the parties are unable to agree to an SOW within 2 months following the Effective Date, either party may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement by providing written notice.

Once approved, the parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently implement their respective obligations under the SOW.  Upon completion of its duties under the SOW, a party shall notify the other party and provide the other party with the opportunity to test and evaluate its work. i-Escrow shall make available the Shadow Site for such testing in a timely manner. Each party shall reasonably cooperate with the other party in effectuating their respective duties under the SOW.  The Information Transfer Mechanism shall not go live until its operation has been approved ("Approval Date") by both parties, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

2.3 LAUNCH TIMING.  Each party shall use good faith and reasonable efforts to expeditiously develop the Co-Branded Pages and the Information Transfer Mechanism.  In the event that, after using such efforts, the Launch Date has not occurred within 4 months following the Effective Date, either party may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice.  If

only one party has used good faith and reasonable development efforts, only that party may exercise the foregoing right to terminate.

2.4 RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS.  i-Escrow may place banner advertising on the Co-Branded Site upon prior written approval of 2TheMart, which shall be at the discretion of 2TheMart.  All advertising revenue arising from the banner ads shall be solely i-Escrow's.  i-Escrow shall not run banner advertisements on the Co-Branded Site for any of 2TheMart's competitors. 2TheMart shall provide in writing, a list of companies they would like to exclude, including every time they wish to change this list.

2.5 SERVICE PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM.  The parties each shall in good faith work to provide reasonable service levels with respect to the operation of the portions of the Information Transfer Mechanism in their control.

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





2.6 PROGRAM REVIEW MEETINGS.  The parties shall meet, at least once per month either in person, or by telephone, to coordinate the implementation of this agreement over time.

3. PROMOTION.

After Launch Date, 2TheMart will widely promote the Services:

(a) To every seller and high bidder through means including, but not limited to, end of auction emails containing links, such that, it shall be possible for the buyer or seller to initiate a Transaction Inquiry with i-Escrow, without having to re-enter all their personal or transaction related information.

(b)  By adding links to Co-Branded Site in FAQ section of 2TheMart auctions.

(c) By adding links to Co-Branded Site on the seller listing pages of 2TheMart auctions.

(d) By displaying a text or graphic link to a page containing information about Services on all auction item pages and bidding pages to educate bidders about i-Escrow. 2TheMart may use the "Escrow Services Description" attached in Exhibit A for creating such a page.

5. PAYMENT.

5.1 ADVERTISING FEES.  After the Launch Date, i-Escrow shall pay 2TheMart advertising fees based on the number of Transaction Inquiries. This advertising fees shall consist of a per Transaction Inquiry amount calculated by multiplying 0.025% by the amount of the average Transaction from all Customers in the preceding quarter. The formula for arriving at the per Transaction Inquiry amount may be revised from time to time during the term of this Agreement to reflect present market conditions ("the Adjusted Rate"), but only by mutual

consent of the parties after good faith discussions. The Adjusted Rate shall be added as an addendum to this Agreement.

5.2 REPORTING.  Within two (2) weeks following the end of each calendar quarter, i-Escrow shall provide to 2TheMart a report, describing for each quarter: the number of new registrations through the Co-Branded Pages; the number of Transaction Inquiries from Customers; the total number of Transactions from such inquiries; the total dollar value of the Transactions.

5.3 AUDIT RIGHTS. i-Escrow shall keep for one (1) year proper records and books of account relating to the computation of advertising payments owed to 2TheMart (including, as appropriate, the computation of the size of average Transaction).  Once every twelve (12) months, 2TheMart through a CPA may inspect and audit such records to verify reports. Any such inspection will be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with i-Escrow's business activities and with no less than fifteen (15) days notice. i-Escrow shall within two (2) weeks make any overdue payments disclosed by the audit. Such inspection shall be at 2TheMart's expense; however, if the audit reveals overdue payments in excess of ten percent (10%) of the payments owed to date, i-Escrow shall immediately pay all cost of such audit.

6. RIGHTS AND STANDARDS.

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





6.1 CONTENT. 2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the 2TheMart Content soley with respect to  and in conjunction with the Co-Branded Site all with the prior written consent of 2TheMart, for the term of this Agreement.  i-Escrow hereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the i-Escrow Content on or in conjunction with 2TheMart auctions.

6.2 CONTENT OWNERSHIP.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, as between 2TheMart and i-Escrow: (a) 2TheMart and its suppliers retain all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights embodied in or associated with the 2TheMart Content, and b) i-Escrow and its suppliers retain all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights embodied in or associated with the i-Escrow Content and Co-Branded Site.  There are no implied licenses under this Agreement, and any rights not expressly granted are reserved. Neither party shall exceed the scope of the rights granted hereunder.

6.3 TRADEMARKS.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) i-Escrow hereby grants to 2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use the i-Escrow Marks (including without limitation the Domain Name) in links to and advertisements and promotions for the Co-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b) 2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use 2TheMart Marks (including without limitation the Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages, and for the performance of  Services.

6.4 TRADEMARK RESTRICTIONS.  The Mark owner may terminate the foregoing rights if, in its reasonable discretion, the other party's use of the Marks tarnishes, blurs or dilutes the quality associated with the Marks or the associated goodwill and such problem is not cured within ten (10) days of notice of breach; alternatively, instead of terminating the right in total, the

owner may specify that certain pages of the other party's web-site may not contain the Marks. Title to and ownership of the owner's Marks shall remain with the owner.  The receiving party shall use the Marks exactly in the form provided and in conformance with any trademark usage policies.  The other party shall not take any action inconsistent with the owner's ownership of the Marks, and any benefits accruing from use of such Marks shall automatically vest in the owner.  The other party shall not form any combination marks with the other party's Marks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Domain Name is deemed a combination mark, neither party shall use the Domain Name for any purpose except as expressly provided herein or attempt to register the Domain Name, and the parties will jointly cooperate on any enforcement action of infringement of the Domain Name.

6.5 LIMITS ON SUBLICENSING.  All rights (under any applicable intellectual property right) granted herein are not sublicenseable,

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





transferable or assignable.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may use a third party web host, but all actions or failures to act of the web host that would be a breach of this Agreement, were the actions or failures to act taken by the applicable party, shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement.  In addition, 2TheMart may grant sublicenses to companies that 2TheMart has a business relationship with to the extent that 2TheMart Content is visible from such company's web-site through a link or other means.

6.6 CONTENT STANDARDS. 2TheMart shall not provide any 2TheMart Content, and i-Escrow shall not provide any i-Escrow Content, that: (a) infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation the laws and regulations governing export control, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising); (c) is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (d) is obscene, harmful to minors or child pornographic; (e) contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; and (f) is materially false, misleading or inaccurate.

6.7  SERVICE STANDARDS. i-Escrow will comply with all laws and regulations and act as an Independent Escrow Agent as per the guidelines of California Escrow Law (California Financial Code Section17000 et seq., or its successor).  Should any of the terms, conditions or provisions of this Agreement conflict with the California Escrow Law, its rules or regulations, which govern i-Escrow's business practices, the California Escrow Law shall prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time that i-Escrow reasonably believes such a conflict exists, i-Escrow will give 2TheMart written notice of such conflict and the parties will use their best efforts to resolve such conflict.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  EACH PARTY PROVIDES ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES TO THE OTHER PARTY "AS IS."  EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-

INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Each party acknowledges that it has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any warranty or representation except those specifically set forth herein.

8. TERM AND TERMINATION.

8.1 TERM.  The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein. This Agreement may be renewed for any number of successive one (1) year terms by mutual written agreement of the parties prior to the conclusion of the term of this Agreement.  A party wishing to renew this Agreement shall give the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the term then in effect.  In the event that either party does not give such notice, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for another one (1) year.

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





8.2 TERMINATION FOR BREACH.  In addition to other remedies that may be available to it, by providing written notice, a party may immediately terminate this Agreement: (a) if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure that breach within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice of the breach, or (b) as provided in Sections 2.2  [INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT], 2.4  [RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS], or 12.4.

8.3 TERMINATION FOR CHANGE IN COMPANY STRUCTURE.  If a majority of the equity securities of either 2TheMart or i-Escrow, Inc. (except that i-Escrow may sell all or a majority of its equity securities or voting interests to i-Escrow.com, and i-Escrow.com may sell all or a majority of its equity securities or voting interests to i-Escrow's existing shareholders, without triggering the foregoing) are acquired by another company during the term of this Agreement either company may terminate this Agreement, without liability, by giving a thirty (30) days written notice to the other party.

8.4 TERMINATION FOR BANKRUPTCY. Either party may terminate or suspend this Agreement effective immediately and without liability upon written notice to the other party if any one of the following events occurs:

(a) the other party files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or otherwise seeks protection under any law for the protection of debtors;

(b) a proceeding is instituted against the other party under any provision of any bankruptcy laws which is not dismissed within ninety (90) days;

(c) the other party is adjudged  bankrupt;

(d) a court assumes jurisdiction of all or a substantial portion of the assets of the other party under a reorganization law;

(e) a trustee or receiver is appointed by a court for all or a substantial portion of the assets of the other party;

(f) the other party becomes insolvent, ceases or suspends all or substantially all of its business; or

(g) the other party makes an assignment of the majority of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.

8.5 EFFECTS OF TERMINATION.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: (a) all rights granted herein shall terminate, (b) i-Escrow shall pay all amounts owed to 2TheMart within six (6) weeks of termination, and (c) each party shall remove the other party's content and Marks from their servers.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless this Agreement was terminated for a material breach, all provisions of this Agreement shall survive to the extent necessary for i-Escrow to complete any Customer transactions which are pending at the time of expiration or termination.  Sections 1, 7,  8.5  [EFFECTS OF TERMINATION], 9, 10, 11 and 12 shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

9. INDEMNITY.  Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify the other party (the "Indemnified Party") against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, which the Indemnified Party may incur as a result of claims in any form by third parties arising from the Indemnifying Party's acts, omissions or misrepresentations to the extent that the Indemnified Party is deemed a principal of the Indemnifying Party.  In addition, 2TheMart shall indemnify i-Escrow against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, which i-Escrow may incur as a result of claims in any form by third parties arising from 2TheMart Content.  In addition, i-Escrow shall indemnify 2TheMart against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, which 2TheMart may incur as a result of claims in any form by third parties arising from i-Escrow

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





Content and or the Services provided to Customers.  The foregoing obligations are conditioned on the Indemnified Party: (i) giving the Indemnifying Party notice of the relevant claim, (ii) cooperating with the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party's expense, in the defense of such claim, and (iii) giving the Indemnifying Party the right to control the defense and settlement of any such claim, except that the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into any settlement that affects the Indemnified Party's rights or interest without the Indemnified Party's prior written approval. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense at its expense.

10. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.  EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A BREACH OF SECTION 11, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES ARE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  A party's "Confidential Information" is defined as any confidential or proprietary information of a party which is disclosed to the other party in a writing marked confidential or, if disclosed orally, is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure and is subsequently reduced to a writing marked confidential and delivered to the

other party within ten (10) days of disclosure.  Each party shall hold the other party's Confidential Information in confidence and shall not disclose such Confidential Information to third parties nor use the other party's Confidential Information for any purpose other than as required to perform under this Agreement. Such restrictions shall not apply to Confidential Information which (a) is already known by the recipient, (b) becomes, through no act or fault of the recipient, publicly known, (c) is received by recipient from a third party without a restriction on disclosure or use, or (d) is independently developed by recipient without reference to the Confidential Information.  The restriction on disclosure shall not apply to Confidential Information which is required to be disclosed by a court or government agency. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, within fourteen (14) days of the other party's request, each party will return all Confidential Information and other deliverables to the requesting party.

12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

12.1 GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict of laws principles.  Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction in California and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court in Orange County, California.

12.2 SEVERABILITY; HEADINGS.  If any provision herein is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way.  The parties agree to replace any invalid provision with a valid provision that most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision.  Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.

12.3 PUBLICITY.  Prior to the release of any press releases or other similar promotional materials related to this Agreement, the releasing party shall submit a written request for approval to the other party with a copy of the materials to be released, which

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





request shall be made no less than three (3) business days prior to the requested release date.  A party shall not unreasonably withhold or delay the granting of its approval of such materials, and such approval shall be provided to the other party within one (1) business day of receipt

12.4 FORCE MAJEURE.  Except as otherwise provided, if performance hereunder (other than payment) is prevented, restricted or interfered with by any act or condition whatsoever beyond the reasonable control of a party (a "force majeure event"), the party so affected, upon giving prompt notice to the other party, shall be excused from such performance to the extent of such prevention, restriction or interference.  However, if a force majeure event interferes with the operation of this Agreement for sixty (60) days or more, either party can terminate this Agreement, without penalty.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the occurrence of any force majeure event shall not limit either party's obligations under Section 9 with respect to any third party claim as to which the other party seeks indemnification.

12.5 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.  The parties are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee- employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is

intended or created by this Agreement.  Neither party shall make any warranties or representations on behalf of the other party.

12.6 NOTICE.  Any notices hereunder shall be given to the appropriate party at the address specified below or at such other address as the party shall specify in writing.  Notice shall be deemed given: upon personal delivery; if sent by fax, upon confirmation of receipt; or if sent by a reputable overnight courier with tracking capabilities, one (1) day after the date of mailing: To i-Escrow:            i-Escrow, Inc.                         1730 South Amphlett Blvd., #215                         San Mateo, CA 94402                         Fax no. (650) 638-7890                         Attention:  President

With copy to:           Fred M. Greguras, Esq.                         Legal Counsel of i-Escrow                         Fenwick & West LLP                         Two Palo Alto Square                         Palo Alto, CA 94306

To 2TheMart:            Dominic J. Magliarditi                         President                         18301 Von Karman Avenue,                         7th Floor                         Irvine, CA 92612                         Fax no. (949) 477-1221

11.7 COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall be taken together and deemed to be one instrument.

12.8 GOOD FAITH.  The parties agree to act in good faith with respect to each provision of this Agreement and any dispute that may arise related hereto.

12.9 ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS/INFORMATION. The parties agree to sign and/or provide such additional documents and/or information as may reasonably be required to carry out the intent of this Agreement and to effectuate its purposes.

12.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. The rights and remedies provided herein will be cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law or otherwise.

12.11 NONWAIVER.   No failure or forbearance by either party to exercise any right or insist upon or enforce performance of any obligation hereunder shall be deemed a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of that or any other right or obligation, in that or any other instance; rather, the

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999





same shall be and shall remain in full force and effect. Any waiver of any right of a party or any obligation of the other party hereunder must be made in a writing signed by the arty waiving such right or obligation.

12.12 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the transactions and matters contemplated hereby, supersedes all previous Agreements between i-Escrow and 2TheMart concerning the subject matter (except for the Confidential Agreement Dated January 4 1999, which shall survive this Agreement).  No amendments or supplements to this Agreement will be effective for any purpose except by a written Agreement signed by the parties.  No party hereto has relied on any statement, representation or promise of any party or with any other officer, agent, employee or attorney for the other party in executing this Agreement except as expressly stated herein.

2THEMART.COM, INC.:                         I-ESCROW, INC.:

By:/s/Dominic J. Magliarditi                By:/s/Sanjay Bajaj Name: Dominic J. Magliarditi                Name: Sanjay Bajaj Title: President                            Title: VP Business Development Date: 6/21/99                               Date: 6/11/99

        EXHIBIT A

ESCROW SERVICES DESCRIPTION

Successful completion of a transaction involves exchange of merchandise with payment. The buyer has to be satisfied he/she received what they thought they were getting and the seller has to be sure he/she gets paid. i-Escrow holds payment from the buyer in trust until the seller sends the merchandise to the buyer. Once the buyer accepts the merchandise, i-Escrow forwards the payment to the seller by writing a check.  A typical escrow transaction: When an auction ends, your end of auction email contains links to i-Escrow. Once you have signed up with i-Escrow   you go through the following steps to complete your transaction. 1.   Start a transaction by entering the description and price of the merchandise along with email address of the other party. 2.   The other party receives an email from i-Escrow requesting an acknowledgement of the terms of the transaction. 3.   Once the transaction is acknowledged by the other party, the buyer pays i-Escrow the agreed upon price, by credit card or other means. 4.   i-Escrow informs the seller that payment has been received, requesting them to ship the merchandise directly to the buyer. 5.   The seller provides i-Escrow with the tracking number of the shipment. 6.   The buyer receives and accepts the merchandise. 7.   i-Escrow sends the check to the seller.

For more information about I-Escrow, visit their web-site at www.iescrow.com

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999
EXHIBIT 4.25 INFORMATION IN THIS EXHIBIT IDENTIFIED BY [ * * * ] IS CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SERVICES AGREEMENT This Services Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into on October 1, 2019 and is made effective as of November 1, 2019 (the "Effective Date"), by and between [ * * * ] (the "Provider"), and TELCOSTAR PTE, LTD., a company organized and existing under the laws of Singapore and Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd, a company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Israel (each and both of them "Recipient"). Each of the foregoing parties is referred to herein as a "Party" and together as the "Parties". RECITALS A. Recipient wishes to engage the Provider to provide certain services and resources (the "Services") and Provider desires to provide Recipient with the Services all in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. AGREEMENT The Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Services. 1.1 Provision of Services. (a) Provider agrees to provide the Services set forth on the Exhibit A attached hereto (as such Exhibit may be amended or supplemented pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the "Exhibit") to Recipient for the respective periods and on the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Exhibit. Notwithstanding the contents of the Exhibit, Provider agrees to respond in good faith to any reasonable request by Recipient for access to any additional services and resources that are necessary for the operation of the Recipient and which are not currently contemplated in the Exhibit, at a price to be agreed upon after good faith negotiations between the Parties. Any such additional services and resources so provided by Provider shall constitute Services under this Agreement and be subject in all respect to the provisions of this Agreement as if fully set forth on the Exhibit as of the date hereof. (b) Recipient may freely assign its rights under this Agreement to receive the Services to any of its affiliates. 1.2 Standard of Service. (a) Provider represents, warrants and agrees that the Services shall be provided in good faith, in accordance with applicable law and in a manner generally consistent with the historical provision of the Services and with the same standard of care as historically provided. (b) Provider shall maintain complete and accurate records relating to the provision of the Services under this Agreement, in such form as Recipient shall approve.





(c) Provider shall use its best efforts to provide for employees or contractors to perform the Services, each of whose names, positions, and respective levels of experience and relevant licenses shall be set out in Exhibit A attached hereto (collectively, the "Provider Representatives"). Provider may not make any change in the Provider Representatives without the prior consent of the Recipient. Provider Representatives shall be dedicated to solely providing the Services to Recipient and shall not provide any such services or resources to Provider or any other customer of Provider. (d) Recipient acknowledges that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship, partnership, joint venture or relationships of trust or agency between the Parties and that all Services are provided by Provider as an independent contractor. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.2: (a) in the event that Provider uses any subcontractors to perform any Services, Provider is not released from responsibility for its obligations under this Agreement; (b) Provider shall remain fully responsible, financially and otherwise, for the Services provided by each subcontractor to the same extent as if Provider had performed the Services itself (subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement) and agrees to pay the fees and expenses of any such subcontractor; (c) Provider shall remain ultimately responsible for ensuring that the Services are provided and any such subcontractor performs any such obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (d) the obligations with respect to the nature, quality and standards of care set forth in Section 1.2 are satisfied with respect to any Service provided by any subcontractor. (f) Provider shall at all times during the term of this Agreement maintain, or cause to be maintained, the computer software and computer hardware that is used in connection with the Services with substantially the same degree of care, skill and diligence with which Provider maintains, or causes to be maintained, as of the Effective Date, such computer software and computer hardware for itself, consistent with past practices, as of the Effective Date, including without limitation, with respect to type, quality and timeliness of such maintenance. 1.3 Additional Services. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the Recipient from itself performing or from acquiring services from other providers that are similar to or identical to the Services. 1.4 Intellectual Property. (a) Recipient shall own, and Provider hereby irrevocably assigns to the Recipient, all rights, title, and interest in any invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or know-how, whether patentable or not and all other proprietary rights, industrial rights and any other similar rights, in each case on a worldwide basis, and all copies and tangible embodiments thereof, or any part thereof, in whatever form or medium hereafter made or conceived solely or jointly by Provider while working for or on behalf of the Recipient, which relate to, is suggested by, or results from the Services. (b) At Recipient's request, Provider shall disclose any such invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or know-how promptly to Recipient. Provider shall, upon request of Recipient, promptly execute a specific assignment of title to Recipient, and do anything else reasonably necessary to enable Recipient to secure for itself, patent, trade secret, or any other proprietary rights.

2





(c) All writings or works of authorship, including, without limitation, program codes or documentation, produced or authored by Provider in the course of performing services for the Recipient, together with any associated copyrights, are works made for hire and the exclusive property of the Recipient. To the extent that any writings or works of authorship may not, by operation of law, be works made for hire, this Agreement shall constitute an irrevocable assignment by Provider to the Recipient of the ownership of and all rights of copyright in, such items, and the Recipient shall have the right to obtain and hold in its own name, rights of copyright, copyright registrations, and similar protections which may be available in the works. Provider shall give the Recipient or its designees all assistance reasonably required to perfect such rights. 2. Compensation. 2.1 Responsibility for Wages and Fees. For such time as any employees of Provider are providing the Services to Recipient under this Agreement, (a) such employees will remain employees of Provider and shall not be deemed to be employees of Recipient for any purpose, and (b) Provider shall be solely responsible for the payment and provision of all wages, bonuses and commissions, employee benefits, including severance and worker's compensation, and the withholding and payment of applicable taxes relating to such employment. 2.2 Terms of Payment and Related Matters. (a) As consideration for provision of the Services following the Effective Date, Recipient shall pay Provider an amount equal to Provider's actual cost of providing the Services plus a 10% service fee. In addition to such amount, in the event that Provider incurs reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in the provision of any Service, including, without limitation, license fees and payments to third-party service providers or subcontractors (such included expenses, collectively, "Out-of-Pocket Costs"), Recipient shall reimburse Provider for all such Out-of-Pocket Costs. (b) (i) Provider shall provide Recipient with monthly invoices ("Invoices"), which shall set forth in reasonable detail, with such supporting documentation as Recipient may reasonably request with respect to Out-of-Pocket Costs, amounts payable under this Agreement, and (ii) payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be made within fifteen (15) days after the date of receipt of an Invoice by Recipient from Provider. (c) Provider shall allow the Recipient to use [ * * * ] at no cost, until December 31, 2021. 2.3 Invoice Disputes. In the event of an Invoice dispute, Recipient shall deliver a written statement to Provider prior to the date payment is due on the disputed Invoice listing all disputed items and providing a reasonably detailed description of each disputed item. Amounts not so disputed shall be deemed accepted and shall be paid, notwithstanding disputes on other items. The Parties shall seek to resolve all such disputes expeditiously and in good faith. Provider shall continue performing the Services in accordance with this Agreement pending resolution of any dispute.

3





2.4 No Right of Setoff. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges that it shall have no right under this Agreement to offset any amounts owed (or to become due and owing) to the other Party, whether under this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement or otherwise, against any other amount owed (or to become due and owing) to it by the other Party. 3. Termination. 3.1 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2. 3.2 Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for required payment for services rendered and reimbursement for authorized expenses incurred, by providing at least 90 (ninety) days' prior written notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination Date"). 3.3 Breach. Any Party (the "Non-Breaching Party") may terminate this Agreement with respect to any Service, in whole but not in part, at any time upon prior written notice to the other Party (the "Breaching Party"), if the Breaching Party has failed (other than pursuant to Section 3.6) to perform any of its material obligations under this Agreement relating to such Service, and such failure shall have continued without cure for a period of 30 days after receipt by the Breaching Party of a written notice of such failure from the Non-Breaching Party seeking to terminate such service. For the avoidance of doubt, non-payment by Recipient for a Service provided by Provider in accordance with this Agreement and not the subject of a good-faith dispute shall be deemed a breach for purposes of this Section 3.3. 3.4 Insolvency. In the event that either Party hereto shall (a) file a petition in bankruptcy, (b) become or be declared insolvent, or become the subject of any proceedings (not dismissed within sixty (60) days) related to its liquidation, insolvency or the appointment of a receiver, (c) make an assignment on behalf of all or substantially all of its creditors, or (d) take any corporate action for its winding up or dissolution, then the other party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by providing written notice in accordance with Section 6.6. 3.5 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement in its entirety pursuant to Section 3.1, all obligations of the Parties hereto shall terminate, except for the provisions of Section 2.2, and the entirety of Sections 4, 5 and 6, which shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 3.6 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Provider shall promptly: (a) Deliver to Recipient all documents, work product, and other materials, whether or not complete, prepared by or on behalf of Provider in the course of performing the Services for which Recipient has paid. (b) Return to Recipient all Recipient -owned property, equipment, or materials in its possession or control.

4





(c) Remove any Provider-owned property, equipment, or materials located at Recipient's locations. (d) Deliver to Recipient, all documents and tangible materials (and any copies) containing, reflecting, incorporating, or based on Recipient's Confidential Information. (e) On a pro rata basis, repay all fees and expenses paid in advance for any Services which have not been provided. (f) Permanently erase all of Recipient's Confidential Information from its computer systems. (g) Certify in writing to Recipient that it has complied with the requirements of this Section 3.6 3.7 Force Majeure. If Provider is prevented from or delayed in complying, either totally or in part, with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement by reason of fire, flood, storm, strike, lockout or other labor trouble or shortage, delays by unaffiliated suppliers or carriers, shortages of fuel, power, raw materials or components, any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand, seizure or requirement of any governmental authority, riot, civil commotion, war, rebellion, acts of terrorism, nuclear accident or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Provider, or acts, omissions, or delays in acting by any governmental or military authority or Recipient (each, a "Force Majeure"), then upon written notice to Recipient, the Services affected by the Force Majeure (the "Affected Services") and/or other requirements of this Agreement will be suspended during the period of such Force Majeure and Provider will have no liability to Recipient or any other party in connection with such Affected Services. If the Force Majeure in question prevails for a continuous period in excess of three months after the date on which the Force Majeure begins, Provider shall be entitled to give notice to Recipient to terminate the Affected Services. The notice to terminate must specify the termination date, which must be not less than ten (10) days after the date on which the notice to terminate is given. Once a notice to terminate has been validly given, the Affected Services will terminate on the termination date set out in the notice. Neither Party shall have any liability to the other in respect of termination of the Affected Services due to Force Majeure, but rights and liabilities which have accrued prior to termination shall subsist.

5





4. Confidentiality. 4.1 Confidentiality. During the term of this Agreement and thereafter, the Parties hereto shall, and shall instruct their respective representatives to, maintain in confidence and not disclose the other Party's financial, technical, sales, marketing, development, personnel, and other information, records, or data, including, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, trade secrets, designs, product formulations, product specifications or any other proprietary or confidential information, however recorded or preserved, whether written or oral (any such information, "Confidential Information"). Each Party hereto shall use the same degree of care, but no less than reasonable care, to protect the other Party's Confidential Information as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like nature. Unless otherwise authorized in any other agreement between the Parties, any Party receiving any Confidential Information of the other Party (the "Receiving Party") may use Confidential Information only for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement (the "Permitted Purpose"). Any Receiving Party may disclose such Confidential Information only to its representatives who have a need to know such information for the Permitted Purpose and who have been advised of the terms of this Section 4.1 and the Receiving Party shall be liable for any breach of these confidentiality provisions by such Persons; provided, however, that any Receiving Party may disclose such Confidential Information to the extent such Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by law, in which case the Receiving Party shall promptly notify, to the extent possible, the disclosing party (the "Disclosing Party"), and take reasonable steps to assist in contesting such disclosure requirement or in protecting the Disclosing Party's rights prior to disclosure, and in which case the Receiving Party shall only disclose such Confidential Information that it is advised by its counsel in writing that it is legally bound to disclose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" shall not include any information that the Receiving Party can demonstrate: (a) was publicly known at the time of disclosure to it, or has become publicly known through no act of the Receiving Party or its representatives in breach of this Section 4.1, (b) was rightfully received from a third party without a duty of confidentiality, or (c) was developed by it independently without any reliance on the Confidential Information. 4.2 Return of Confidential Information. Upon demand by the Disclosing Party at any time, or upon expiration or termination of this Agreement with respect to any Service, the Receiving Party agrees promptly to return or destroy, at the Disclosing Party's option, all Confidential Information received in connection with this Agreement. If such Confidential Information is destroyed, an authorized officer of the Receiving Party shall certify to such destruction in writing. 5. Indemnification. 5.1 Indemnification. Provider shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Recipient and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, successors, and permitted assigns (collectively, "Indemnified Party") against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including attorneys' fees, fees and the costs of enforcing any right to indemnification under this Agreement, and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers, incurred by Indemnified Party or awarded against Indemnified Party (collectively, "Losses"), relating to/arising out of or resulting from any claim of a third party or Recipient arising out of or occurring in connection with Provider's negligence, willful misconduct, or breach of this Agreement. Provider shall not enter into any settlement without Recipient's or Indemnified Party's prior written consent. 6. Miscellaneous. 6.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the documents referred to herein and therein constitute the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.

6





6.2 Succession and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Provider may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of Recipient. 6.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile and electronic mail (including portable document format (PDF) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com). 6.4 Titles and Headings. Titles and section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 7. Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 7: If to Provider: [ * * * ] With a copy to: N/A If to Recipient: TELCOSTAR PTE. LTD 6 Eu Tong Sen Street Tel Aviv, Israel, 6770007 #10-15 The Central Singapore 059817 Email: avi@ability.co.il Attention: Avi Levin With a copy to: McDermott Will & Emery LLP 340 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10173-1922 Telephone: (212) 547-5541 Facsimile: (212) 547-5444 EMAIL: GEMMANUEL@MWE.COM Attention: Gary Emmanuel

7





Any Party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Parties notice in the manner herein set forth. 7.1 Further Assurances. The Parties agree (a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information, (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement. 7.2 Governing Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby and/or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the Parties, whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Israel (including in respect of the statute of limitations or other limitations period applicable to any such claim, controversy or dispute), without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Israel or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Israel. 7.3 Consent to Jurisdiction. The Parties hereby irrevocably submit any disputes under this Agreement to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Tel-Aviv, Israel, provided however, that Recipient shall be entitled to seek an injunction or other appropriate remedy against Provider in the country in which Provider has acted in breach of the terms hereof. 7.4 Specific Performance. The Parties hereby agree that, in the event of breach of this Agreement, damages would be difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain and that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, it is hereby agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction to enjoin any such breach and enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy or right to which they are entitled at law or in equity, without any necessity of proving damages or any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security. 7.5 Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Recipient and the Provider. No waiver by any Party of any provision of this Agreement or any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Party making such waiver nor shall such waiver be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior or subsequent such occurrence.

8





7.6 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or other competent governmental authority in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. Upon such a determination, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to replace invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid or unenforceable provisions. 7.7 Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise. The word "including" shall mean including without limitation. 7.8 Incorporation of Exhibits and Disclosure Schedule. The Exhibit identified in this Agreement is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. 7.9 Amendment and Restatement. This Agreement amends and restates in full the Production Contract. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

9





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Services Agreement as of the date first written above. PROVIDER: RECIPIENT: [ * * * ] [ * * * ] By: By: Name: Name: Title: Title:

10





EXHIBIT A Services [ * * * ] 11
EXHIBIT 10.13

                             JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

Collectible Concepts Group, Inc. ("CCGI") and Pivotal Self Service Tech, Inc. ("PVSS"), (the "Parties" or "Joint Venturers" if referred to collectively, or the "Party" or Joint Venturer" if referred to singularly), by this Agreement associate themselves as business associates, and not as partners, in the formation of a joint venture (the "Joint Venture"), for the purpose of engaging generally in the business provided for by terms and provisions of this Agreement.

1.   Name of the Joint Venture. The name of the Joint Venture will be MightyCell      Batteries, and may sometimes be referred to as "MightyCell" or the "Joint      Venture" in this Agreement. The principal office and place of business      shall be located in 1600 Lower State Road, Doylestown, PA 18901.

2.   Scope of the Joint Venture Business. The Joint Venture is formed for the      purpose of engaging generally in the business of marketing batteries and      related products, (the "Products") that include the display of licensed      logos, images, brand names and other labels that differentiate them from      the branding (the "PVSS Products") under which PVSS and/or its affiliates,      sell to retailers and distributors in the normal course of their business.      Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, the business      of the Joint Venture shall include:

          (a)  The purchase of Products for resale;           (b)  The acquisition of a license(s) permitting the use of selected                images in the Products;           (c)  The sale and distribution of the Products to retailers and                distributors; and,           (d)  The transaction of such other and further business as is                necessary, advisable, or incidental to the business of the Joint                Venture.           (e)  Develop a global marketing program for licensed Products

     Exhibit A attached hereto, describes by way of example but not limitation      the responsibilities of the Joint Venturers

3.   Capital Contributions. Except as agreed upon by mutual consent, the Joint      Venturers shall not be required to make any capital contribution to the      Joint Venture.

4.   Offices of the Joint Venture. The principal place of business of the Joint      Venture shall be at 1600 Lower State Road, in the City of Doylestown, Bucks      County, Pennsylvania, but may maintain such other offices as the Joint      Venturers may deem advisable at any other place or places within or without      the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

5.   Powers and Authority of the Joint Venturers. The Joint Venturers shall have      full and complete charge of all affairs of the Joint Venture. The Joint      Venturers recognize that both of the Joint Venturers are and will continue      to be engaged in the conduct of their respective businesses for their own      account. Neither Joint Venturer shall be entitled to compensation for      services rendered to the Joint Venture as such, but each Joint Venturer      shall be reimbursed for all direct expenses, including travel, office, and      all other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the operation of the affairs      of the Joint Venture and the promotion of its businesses.

     It is agreed that either Joint Venturer shall, except as provided for      below, have authority to execute instruments of any character relating to      the affairs of the Joint Venture; provided, that without the written      consent or approval of both of the Joint Venturers: (i) the Joint Venture      shall incur no liability of any sort, nor any indebtedness for borrowed      funds; (ii) no assets owned in the name of the Joint Venture be disposed      of; and (iii) no commitment to purchase any item for the Joint Venture      shall be made.

                                       39

6.   Division of Income and Losses. All income and credits, and all losses and      deductions shall be owned and shared among the Joint Venturers as follows:

     50% to Collectible Concepts Group, Inc.

     50% to Pivotal Self Service Tech, Inc.

     Depreciation and all other charges and expenses, which are not expressly      apportioned by this Agreement, shall be apportioned in accordance with      generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

7.   Accounting Provisions. The Joint Venturers shall maintain adequate books      and records to be kept of all the Joint Venture activities and affairs      conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. All direct costs and      expenses, which shall include any insurance costs in connection with the      distribution of the Products or operations of the Joint Venture, or if the      business of the Joint Venture requires additional office facilities than      those now presently maintained by each Joint Venturer, such item shall be





     paid by the Joint Venture. The fiscal year of the Joint Venture shall be      the calendar year, and shall use the cash basis of accounting. If requested      by a Joint Venturer, the Joint Venture books and records shall be audited      as of the close of each year by an independent accountant acceptable to      both Joint Venturers. All books and records of every kind and character, of      the Joint Venture, and other information, shall be kept at the principal      office of the Joint Venture, or at such other place or places as may be      agreed upon by the Joint Venturers, and shall be fully available to each      Joint Venturer or his duly authorized representative, all at reasonable      times. The books of the Joint Venture shall represent the complete record      and report of business operations, including a balance sheet and income and      expense statements reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Joint      Venture, and such reports shall be submitted to the Joint Venturers on a      regular basis.

8.   Term of Joint Venture. The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of      March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended      by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days      prior to scheduled termination.

9.   Distributions. During the term of the Joint Venture, no interest shall be      allowed to any Joint Venturer upon the amount of his contribution. No Joint      Venturer shall withdraw, transfer or have paid to him in any manner any      part of his capital contribution or account, or any other funds or property      of the Joint Venture without the consent of both Joint Venturers; provided,      however, there may be distributed to the Joint Venturers, from time to      time, so much of the gross income of the Joint Venture as shall not be      needed to defray the necessary and expected costs and expenses of the Joint      Venture business. Distributions may only be made if after any distribution      is made, the Joint Venture assets are in excess of all liabilities of the      Joint Venture. Each distribution shall be made ratably to the Joint      Venturers according to their prorata interest in the Joint Venture as shown      in Section 6.

10.  Internal Revenue Code Election. The Joint Venturers agree and declare that      this association for the carrying on of a joint venture business operation      does not, and is not intended to create a partnership, for either legal or      United States income tax purposes, each Party recognizing that the other is      willing and able to contribute capital, labor, and services for the      operation of a successful joint venture business. Further, each Party      elects under the authority of Section 761(a) of the Internal Revenue Code      of 1986 (the "Code"), as amended and all successor statutes, to be excluded      from the application of all of the provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1      of the Subtitle A of the Code, and the Parties agree that the election out      of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of the Code shall, if necessary,      be manifested by their execution and filing of all appropriate      documentation. The Parties also declare that they are not making any      agreement to undertake any business other than that set forth in this      Agreement; and nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as a limitation      of the powers or rights of either Party to carry on his separate business      for his sole benefit; provided, however, the Parties shall cooperate with      each other according to the terms and spirit of this Agreement in the      performance of their joint venture business operation.

11.  Procedure on Termination and Liquidation. On any termination of the Joint      Venture, its debt shall be paid or provided for in a manner satisfactory to      the Joint Venturers. Then, any unexpended portion of Joint Venture funds      shall be distributed to the Joint Venturers in accordance with their      prorata ownership in the Joint Venture and all other assets of the Joint      Venture shall be distributed as undivided interests to the Joint Venturers      ratably according to their prorata interests in the Joint Venture as set      forth in Section 6. If any asset is not capable of being distributed on an      undivided basis, the Parties shall agree on a price for such asset and it      shall be distributed to one Party and a corresponding balance, in cash or      property, shall be made of the Joint Venture assets so that each Party      receives his proportionate share of all the Joint Venture assets.

12.  Sale or Purchase of Interest of Joint Venturer Prohibited. No Joint      Venturer shall be authorized or empowered to mortgage, hypothecate, pledge,      sell, or transfer, an interest in the Joint Venture, nor confer on any      successor or assignee the right to become a Joint Venturer without the      consent of the other Joint Venturer.

13.  Notice. Any notice which a Joint Venturer shall have occasion to give to      the other Joint Venturer shall be deemed sufficient notice for all purposes      as to its contents if given in writing, hand delivered, by fax, or prepaid      mail, to the address of such Joint Venturer as set out below his signature.

14.  Construction. The Joint Venturers declare that in entering into this      Agreement, they have contracted with reference to the laws of the      Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the construction and interpretation of      the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and      construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, except in      such cases and to such extent as the laws of another jurisdiction shall      necessarily control.

15.  Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding on the Joint Venturers and their      respective heirs, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns.

16.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and shall be      deemed one original instrument.





For Collectible Concepts Group, Inc.

By: ____________________________________

Its:  ____________________________________

Date: ___________________________________

For Pivotal Self Service Tech, Inc. By: ___________________________________

Its: ____________________________________ Date: __________________________________

EXHIBIT A

                     GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES

Collectible Concepts Group will:

     1)   Obtain any licenses deemed by the Joint Venturers to add value in the           marketing of the Products      2)   Prepare any artwork necessary for the reproduction of licensed or           branded images for the purpose of manufacturing the Products and / or           packaging      3)   In concert with PVSS, appoint appropriate sales agents and / or           representatives and distributors to sell the Products into specific           retail channels      4)   Prepare marketing materials for sales agents', representatives' and           distributors' use in presentations to prospective clients      5)   Engage in any support activities required to promote and sell the           Products      6)   Provide fulfillment services through affiliates for final distribution           of the Products

Pivotal Self Service Tech, Inc. will:

     1)   Provide the Products in accordance with the specifications and           quantities and time frames designated by CCGI      2)   Provision any additional Products deemed by the Joint Venturers to be           salable through the channels established by CCGI      3)   Negotiate such favorable pricing and terms with the suppliers of the           Products so as to assure the viability of the Joint Venture offerings           and the continuity of Product availability to the customers of the           Joint Venture      4)   Provide alternate fulfillment and distribution services of the           Products as backup to those provided by CCGI

                                       40
Exhibit 10.31    PURSUANT TO 17 C.F.R.  240.24B-2, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION (INDICATED BY {*****}) HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS  DOCUMENT AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A  CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT APPLICATION FILED WITH THE COMMISSION     ACCURAY INCORPORATED  MULTIPLE LINAC AND MULTI-MODALITY   DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT     This Multiple LINAC and Multi-Modality Distributor Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between ACCURAY  INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation with its executive offices located at 1310 Chesapeake Terrace, Sunnyvale, California 94089, USA  ("Accuray"), and SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, a corporation formed under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, with its registered  offices located at Berlin and Munich ("Siemens"), as of June 8, 2010 ("Effective Date").     RECITALS     Accuray manufactures and sells full-body radiosurgery systems using image-guided robotics, including the CyberKnife Robotic  Radiosurgery System, which is FDA cleared in the United States to provide treatment planning and image-guided stereotactic radiosurgery and  precision radiotherapy for lesions, tumors and conditions anywhere in the body where radiation treatment is indicated.     In order to achieve its business objectives, Accuray relies on qualified distributors to market and distribute its products and services.     Accuray and Siemens have entered into that certain Strategic Alliance Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the "Strategic Alliance  Agreement"), and such agreement provides that Accuray and Siemens shall enter into a distribution agreement for Multiple LINAC and Multi- Modality Purchases (as defined below).     Accuray wishes to appoint Distributor (as defined below) as a non-exclusive, worldwide distributor for the Products and Services to  Customer in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases (as defined below), subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement, and Distributor wishes to accept such appointment.     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties hereto hereby  agree as follows:     1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used, but not defined herein, shall have the meaning provided in the Strategic Alliance Agreement. The  following terms, as used herein, have the following meaning:     1.1. "Accuray Regions" means Accuray's sales regions (as of the Effective Date) of the Americas (North America and South America),  APAC (Asia Pacific, including Australia and other than India and Japan), EIMEA (Europe, India, Middle East, and Africa), and  Japan.     1.2. "Customer" means any person or business entity with whom Distributor enters into an agreement for Products or Services in  connection with a Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchase pursuant to this Agreement.     1.3. "Distributor" means Siemens, its Affiliates, or any Third Party which has been granted distribution rights whose scope includes the  Products and/or Services by Siemens.     1.4. "Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchase" means a Multiple LINAC Purchase or a Multi-Modality Purchase.





     1.5. "Multi-Modality Purchase" means the purchase, on a single purchase order, of at least one Distributor imaging product (e.g., CT, MR,  PET-CT) and at least one System.     1.6. "Multiple LINAC Purchase" means the purchase, on a single purchase order, of at least one Distributor linear accelerator product and  at least one System.     1.7. "Product(s)" means the System and/or related products manufactured by or for Accuray for use in the radiosurgery market, which  have been approved for sale in the Customer's geographic region.     1.8. "Quote" means a quote provided by Accuray to Distributor pursuant to Section 2.3 that will serve as the basis for the Product  configuration, Services, pricing and delivery schedule offered to a Customer by Distributor.     1.9. "Service(s)" means the performance of radiosurgery-related service(s) by Accuray or its distributors, which may include technical  support, training or installation of Products as specified in the Quote.     1.10. "Service Agreements" means the Accuray CyberKnife Service Agreement or such other service programs and agreements as may be  released or modified by Accuray from time to time.     1.11. "Spare Parts" means replacement or additional parts or Products used in connection with the System.     1.12. "Specification(s)" means the current written description of a Product or Service prepared by Accuray and provided to Distributor.     1.13. "System(s)" means the Accuray CyberKnife Robotic Radiosurgery System or CyberKnife VSI System, as applicable.     2. DISTRIBUTORSHIP     2.1. Appointment. Accuray hereby appoints Distributor as a non-exclusive, worldwide distributor of Products and Services to Customers  solely in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases, not to the exclusion of Accuray itself or any of its other  current or future distributors and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By way of clarification, this Agreement  does not relate to any Cayman Product, including, without limitation, the distribution or sale thereof or any services related thereto.     2.2. Pricing.     2.2.1. Pricing of Products and Services shall be based upon Accuray's then current price lists for such Products and Services. The  current price list for Products and Services effective as of the Effective Date will be provided to Distributor  contemporaneously with the delivery of this fully executed Agreement to Distributor. Such price lists will be subject to  change from time to time in Accuray's sole discretion, and Accuray shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide  Distributor with updated pricing on a regular basis, provided that pricing included in a Quote delivered by Accuray to  Distributor shall reflect Accuray's current up-to-date pricing unless otherwise agreed. Updated price lists shall not apply to  valid Quotes      2





     issued by Accuray and subject to acceptance by Distributor prior to the effective date of such updated price lists.     2.2.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Distributor may present for approval  to Accuray opportunities for sales of Products and Services at prices that differ from the prices set forth in the then current  price list. Accuray may, in its sole and absolute discretion, approve any such opportunity, and if approved in writing by  Accuray, Distributor shall otherwise be permitted to pursue such opportunity at such prices, which opportunity shall  otherwise be governed by and pursued pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.     2.3. Quote and Purchase Process. Distributor acknowledges and agrees that Accuray will determine the appropriate quote process to be  observed by the parties under this Agreement and may amend this process (other than the approval rights set forth in Section 2.3.2)  as notified to the Distributor reasonably in advance. In addition, Distributor acknowledges that each proposed sale of a Product or  Service under this Agreement is subject to the approval rights of Accuray set forth in Section 2.3.2. Accuray and Distributor will  comply with the following process for making sales of Products and Services in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality  Purchases:     2.3.1. Opportunity. Once Distributor has identified a Customer opportunity in connection with a Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality  Purchase, it shall request a Quote from Accuray based on the Product configuration and Services requested by the  Customer and the Accuray Region in which the Customer is located, and shall include such other information regarding the  Customer and the proposed opportunity as Accuray may reasonably request.     2.3.2. Quote. Following receipt of Distributor's Quote request, Accuray will determine whether to approve the issuance of a Quote  related to such request. Such determination shall be made in accordance with and subject to the conditions set forth in  Schedule 2.3.2 attached hereto. If Accuray approves the issuance of a Quote, Accuray shall issue a Quote to Distributor  based on the Product configuration and Services requested by the Customer, including pricing for such Products and  Services as provided in Section 2.2 above. The Quote issued by Accuray in relation to a Customer opportunity shall serve  as the basis of any offer made by Distributor to that Customer and shall remain valid for at least six months (unless earlier  declined by Distributor), and Distributor shall submit an amended Quote request to Accuray in the event adjustments to a  Quote are requested by the Customer. Any such amended Quote request from Distributor shall again be subject to the  Accuray approval process set forth in this Section 2.3.2.     3





     2.3.3. Purchase. To purchase Products or Services based on a Quote provided by Accuray, Distributor will issue a purchase order,  which shall include specific references to the quote number of such Quote (the "Purchase Order"). Accuray shall either  accept or reject such Purchase Order within two weeks after receipt thereof, with any failure to approve or disapprove of  such Purchase Order in such period constituting disapproval. Each purchase of Accuray Components and Interfaces shall  be accomplished and a Purchase Order may be accepted by the execution of the Purchase Order by an authorized  representative of Accuray. To the extent of any inconsistency between the Quote and the related Purchase Order, the  terms and conditions of such Quote shall govern and Distributor acknowledges and agrees that Accuray shall not be  bound by any terms, conditions or boilerplate language included in a Distributor purchase order submitted to Accuray.  The Purchase Order shall be delivered to Accuray via fax, electronic mail, or mail at the following address:     Accuray Incorporated  ATTN: Contracts Administration  1310 Chesapeake Terrace  Sunnyvale, CA 94089  Main: (408) 716-4600  Fax: (408) 789-4205  Email: Orders@accuray.com     2.3.4. Cancellation; Amendment; Conflict. Distributor may cancel the Purchase Order if Accuray has not executed such Purchase  Order within two weeks of receipt. Any amendment or addition to the Purchase Order shall only be effective if Distributor  and Accuray confirm such amendment or addition in writing. To the extent of any inconsistency between a Quote or a  Purchase Order and this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail, unless such Quote or Purchase Order is signed by both  the CFO or General Counsel of Accuray and the CFO of Distributor, expressly refers to this Section 2.3.4, and states that  the Quote or Purchase Order is intended to supersede this Agreement.     2.4. Standard Lead Time. As of the Effective Time and to the best of Accuray's knowledge, Accuray's standard lead time for delivery of  Products is six months.     3. DUTIES OF DISTRIBUTOR     3.1. Independent Distributor. Distributor shall be and must at all times make it clear that it is an independent entity contracting with  Accuray, and is not the employee, representative or agent of Accuray. Distributor does not have the ability or authority to enter  into any legal agreements or obligations that would bind Accuray in any manner.     3.2. Market Knowledge, Promotion and Sales. Distributor will develop a thorough and complete understanding of the Products and  Services. Distributor will use its knowledge and understanding to identify and cultivate potential Customers. Distributor agrees to  use commercially reasonable efforts to introduce, promote the sale of, and obtain orders for the Products and Services in connection  with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases, including, without limitation, including the Products and Services in each of  Distributor's      4





     Oncology Care Systems price book and sales operation system, such that all of Distributor's sales representatives can access  quotations for Products and Services at least as easily as all other systems then available for purchase from Distributor. Moreover,  Distributor represents and warrants that, on the date hereof and during the Term of this Agreement and any extension thereof, it (i)  possesses the knowledge, experience, skills, and ability required to properly fulfill its obligations under this Agreement; and (ii) has  the required facilities, manpower, capacity, financial strength, and knowledge to market and distribute Accuray's Products and  Services in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases.     3.3. Distributor Personnel. During the Term of this Agreement and any extension thereof, Distributor agrees to use commercially reasonable  efforts to employ qualified sales and technical personnel familiar with the Products and Services, including, without limitation, at  least one person in Distributor's Oncology Care Systems sales group with a primary responsibility for sales of Products, to perform  the marketing and sales requirements as set forth herein.     3.4. Distributor Personnel Sales Training. Distributor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of its Oncology Care Systems  sales personnel with any sales duties related to the Systems to attend any training provided by Accuray in such personnel's  Accuray Region pursuant to Section 4.12.     3.5. Offers. Distributor shall inform Accuray of all potential Customers for Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases during the Term of  this Agreement or any extension thereof. Distributor shall offer such potential Customers only those Products or Services described  in then current price lists, and only in accordance with the applicable Customer Quote and this Agreement.     3.6. Purchase Schedule. For each sale completed by Distributor, the resulting contract for the sale of Products shall be between Distributor  and the Customer and the Service Agreement, if any, shall be between Accuray and the Customer or Accuray and the Distributor, as  determined pursuant to Section 4.8. For each such sale, Distributor must send a Purchase Order to Accuray at least six (6) months  prior to the expected shipment date.     3.7. Customer Complaints. Distributor shall report promptly and in writing to Accuray any complaints or expressions of dissatisfaction by  the Customers to Distributor relating to the Products or Services. Any such reports shall be provided to Accuray via electronic mail  to the following address: complaints@accuray.com.     3.8. Warranty. Distributor will not make any warranties or representations in Accuray's name or on Accuray's behalf other than the  warranty provided by Accuray pursuant to Section 4.6 unless approved in advance in writing by Accuray.     3.9. Service Agreements. Distributor will make commercially reasonable efforts to sell a Service Agreement to each Customer. For the  avoidance of doubt, (i) the obligations of the parties with respect to the Service Agreement are as set forth in Sections 3.6 and 4.8  and (ii) the failure of Distributor to sell a Service Agreement to any Customer shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement.     3.10. Upgrades. Any Product upgrades released by Accuray (other than Bug Fixes and Safety Updates, which are addressed in Section  4.6.3 and 4.6.4 respectively) can be purchased at the discretion of the Distributor pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.3.  Such      5





     upgrades will be available at the prices listed in the then current price list as of the date of the Quote (unless prior written approval  by Accuray for application of an earlier price list is obtained) for the upgrade, less any applicable discounts as specified in Exhibit A  hereto.     3.11. Compliance with Laws.     3.11.1. Compliance Generally. Distributor has and will have during the Term of this Agreement and any extension thereof the ability  to distribute, market and sell the Products and Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in full compliance  with all governmental, regulatory and other requirements under any applicable law. Furthermore, Distributor agrees to  comply with all applicable international, national, regional and local laws applicable to the performance of its duties  hereunder or to any transactions involving the Products or Services contemplated hereunder.     3.11.2. United States Laws. Distributor understands that, because it is distributing the Products and Services of Accuray, a  corporation subject to the laws of the United States of America, Distributor must, when carrying out its duties pursuant to  this Agreement, avoid violations of certain of such laws. These include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:     3.11.2.1. Restrictive Trade Practices or Boycotts, U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Title 15, Chapter VII, Part 760.     3.11.2.2. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. Code Title 15,  78.     3.11.2.3. Export Controls, imposed by U.S. Executive Order or implementing regulations of the U.S. Departments of  Commerce, Defense or Treasury.     3.11.3. No Illegal Activity. Neither party (nor their sub-distributors, if any ("Sub-Distributors")) shall engage in any illegal activities.  A party will not be held responsible for any activities of the other party or the other party's Sub-Distributors that may be  considered to be illegal. For example, neither party supports the practice of bribes or under-the-table payments. Each party  will ensure a like clause is included in each agreement it has with its Sub-Distributors, and monitor activities of its Sub- Distributors closely. In the event a party deems that its good-will has been or may potentially be affected by any such  illegal activity of the other party or the other party's Sub-Distributors, then such party reserves the right to terminate this  Agreement or any portion thereof that relates to or is materially affected by such illegal activity with no further liability to  the other party or the other party's Sub-Distributors. Such party assumes no liability for such illegal activity and the other  party hereby indemnifies and holds such party, its officers and assigns, harmless from any loss, damage and liability  arising from or in connection with such illegal activity.     3.12. Sales Targets. Distributor shall not be subject to any minimum purchase requirements, but shall agree to the annual sales targets set  forth in Schedule 2.5(d)(i)(2) of the Strategic Alliance Agreement and to using its customary standard sales processes, including,  without limitation, the MTA process, with respect to sales of Systems.     6





     3.13. Affiliates; Distributors. Siemens shall cause any of its Affiliates or distributors purchasing Systems or Services pursuant to the terms  of this Agreement to agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the  Strategic Alliance Agreement related to or applicable to such purchase, unless such Affiliate or distributor is already party to a  distribution agreement for Products with Accuray.     4. DUTIES OF ACCURAY     4.1. Fulfillment and Shipment.     4.1.1. Fulfillment of Executed Purchase Orders. Accuray is responsible for ensuring that the Products supplied are of good quality as  further described below. Accuray will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Distributor or Customer, as  applicable, in a timely manner those Products and Services required to fill confirmed Purchase Orders received from  Distributor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.     4.1.2. Shipment. All shipments shall be made F.C.A. Port of Oakland, California, USA. Transfer of risk from Accuray to Distributor  shall occur at such F.C.A. location as provided in F.C.A. terms and transfer of title shall occur at the same time. Distributor  may request Accuray to use a particular freight carrier, and Accuray agrees to do so, if feasible. If not feasible in Accuray's  reasonable judgment, then Accuray shall promptly advise Distributor of the reasons. If no such request is made, Accuray  shall ship in accordance with any instructions contained in the Purchase Order or via FedEx ground, with no extra  insurance. Accuray shall bill any actual freight costs to Distributor. Any supplementary shipping costs arising from the  need to meet the delivery deadline set forth in the Purchase Order by way of expedited delivery shall be borne by Accuray,  if such delivery deadline was at least six months after the submission of such Purchase Order by Distributor. For example, if  a Purchase Order was submitted on June 1, with a requested delivery date of December 1, any expedited delivery expenses  required in order to ensure delivery by December 1 shall be borne by Accuray, while if the requested delivery date was  October 1, any expedited delivery expenses required in order to ensure delivery by October 1 shall be borne by Distributor.     4.2. Product and Service Pricing. Accuray will provide its then current U.S. list pricing for its Products and Services to Siemens once per  year during the Term of this Agreement and any extension thereof, or upon request from Siemens. All prices will be stated in US  Dollars, unless another currency is agreed upon in writing by Accuray.     4.3. Product Specifications and Promotional Literature. Accuray will provide product specifications and promotional literature to Distributor  from time to time during the Term of this Agreement and any extension thereof. Distributor may use product specifications and  promotional literature in Distributor's dealings with Customers. Accuray may introduce changes and upgrades to the Products.  Accuray will use commercially reasonable efforts to give Distributor as much advance notice of upgrades as is feasible.     4.4. Regulatory Clearance. Accuray will be responsible for and will bear all expenses related to obtaining and maintaining any approvals,  permits and licenses required under any applicable law in order to sell, market and distribute the Products and Services to a  Customer in      7





     connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases, including any upgrades to or expanded usage of the Products;  provided, however, that if Accuray does not have a direct presence in or Accuray does not have a distributor for the sales of  Systems specifically for the country in which the Customer requests delivery, as a condition to any sale of Products or Services to  such Customer, Accuray may require Distributor (solely with the consent of Distributor) to enter into a distribution agreement with  Accuray pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement providing, among other things, that Distributor will be  responsible for obtaining all such approvals, permits, and licenses for sales to such Customer. Distributor will provide any  assistance or documentation reasonably requested by Accuray and at Accuray's expenses to assist Accuray with its obligations  under this Section 4.4. Accuray will be registered as the sole owner of any rights, title and interest to any of the Products or Spare  Parts, as the case may be; provided, however, that should any applicable law or regulation require that Distributor alone be entitled  to such ownership rights, Distributor shall hold this approval as trustee for Accuray and hereby consents to transfer or sublicense  such approval to Accuray free of charge or to support Accuray in its efforts to re-obtain the approval for the benefit of Accuray or a  third party named by Accuray upon expiration or termination of this Agreement. Lists indicating, as of the Effective Date, (i) the  countries in which Accuray has obtained regulatory approvals for the Products and Services and (ii) the countries in which Accuray  has a direct presence or has a distributor for the sales of Systems specifically for such country are being delivered to Siemens  concurrently with the execution of this Agreement. Accuray shall provide to Siemens updates of such lists on a quarterly basis.     4.5. Import License. Accuray or its distributor will obtain and maintain all required import licenses, and shall serve as importer of record for  all Products and Services delivered in or into any country or region, other than the United States, pursuant to this Agreement;  provided, however, that if Accuray does not have a direct presence in or Accuray does not have a distributor specifically for the  sales of Systems in the country in which the Customer requests delivery, as a condition to any sale of Products or Services to such  Customer, Accuray may require Distributor (solely with the consent of Distributor) to enter into a distribution agreement with  Accuray pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement providing, among other things, that Distributor will obtain and  maintain all required import licenses and will act as the importer of record for the Products and Services ordered by such Customer.     4.6. Warranty.     4.6.1. Scope of Warranty. Accuray will provide a warranty to each Customer that the Products will be free from material defects and  perform substantially in accordance with the written Specifications provided by Accuray as reflected in the regulatory  clearance at the time of sale for a period of one (1) year following Installation of the Products at Customer's facility, but not  to exceed eighteen (18) months following shipment of such Products to Distributor ("Warranty Period"). "Installation" of  the System shall occur upon completion by Accuray or the entity installing the System, as applicable, of Accuray's  acceptance test procedure demonstrating that the System substantially conforms to the written Specifications. If Accuray  does not perform the Installation, Distributor will notify Accuray in writing within ten (10) days following Installation  (including any testing procedures undertaken by Customer or its installation service provider). In no event shall  Distributor, Customer or their respective agents use the System (or any portion thereof) for any purpose before Installation  thereof without the express written approval of Accuray. Distributor      8





     shall indemnify and hold Accuray harmless from any such use. Accuray makes no warranty that the operation of any  software will be uninterrupted or error-free. Except as set forth in the preceding sentences, Accuray makes no warranties or  representations to Customers or to any other party regarding any Products or Services provided by Accuray. TO THE  FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ACCURAY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND  REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES  ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.     4.6.2. Hardware and Software. If a Customer notifies Accuray in writing during the Warranty Period of a defect in a Product that  causes the Product to fail to conform to the foregoing warranty, Accuray shall at its option either repair or replace the non- conforming Product or, if in Accuray's opinion such repair or replacement is not commercially reasonable, Accuray shall  refund a pro-rated portion of the price paid by the Customer for such Product calculated based on a straight-line  depreciation over a 5-year period beginning on the date of delivery. This will be Accuray's sole and exclusive obligation  and such Customer's sole and exclusive remedy in relation to defective Products and parts.     4.6.3. Software and Bug Fixes. Notwithstanding Section 4.6.2, for a period of 10 years following Installation of a System, Accuray will  provide to Customer, without charge, Bug Fixes with respect to any software included in the System. This is Accuray's  sole and exclusive obligation and Customer's and Distributor's sole and exclusive remedy in relation to defective software.  By way of clarification, Accuray's sole obligation shall be to make such Bug Fixes available to Customer, and Accuray  shall have no obligation (unless otherwise agreed by the Customer and Accuray) for installation or implementation of such  Bug Fixes at the Customer's site. "Bug Fix" means an error correction or minor change in the existing software and/or  hardware configuration that is required in order to enable the existing software and/or hardware configuration to perform to  the existing functional specification(s).     4.6.4. Safety Updates. Notwithstanding Section 4.6.2 and any obligations according to law, for a period of 10 years following  Installation of a System, Accuray will provide to Customer, without charge, Safety Updates with respect to any hardware or  software included in the System. This is Accuray's sole and exclusive obligation and Customer's and Distributor's sole  and exclusive remedy in relation to any Safety Update required to be provided by applicable law in the Customer's  jurisdiction. By way of clarification, Accuray's sole obligation shall be to make such Safety Update available to Customer,  and Accuray shall have no obligation (unless otherwise agreed by the Customer and Accuray) for installation or  implementation of such Safety Update at the Customer's site. "Safety Update" means an error correction or change in the  existing software and/or hardware configuration that is required for safety in order to enable the existing software and/or  hardware configuration to perform to the existing functional specification(s) in accordance with applicable law in the  Customer's jurisdiction.     4.6.5. Warranty Exclusions. All warranty replacement of Products and parts shall be limited to malfunctions which are due and  traceable to defects in original material or workmanship of Products. The warranties set forth in this Section 4.6 shall be  void      9





     and of no further effect in the event of abuse, accident, alteration, misuse or neglect of Products, including but not limited  to user modification of the operating environment specified by Accuray and user modification of any software.     4.6.6. Warranty Basis. Any limitation of liability under any warranty contained herein shall be an integral part of such warranty,  which limits its scope (Section 444, second alternative German Civil Code shall not apply). Any limitation of liability for any  defects contained herein shall be void insofar as Accuray has intentionally failed to disclose such defect.     4.7. Installation. Unless otherwise agreed by Accuray and Distributor (including, without limitation, pursuant to the terms of any  distribution agreement entered into pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement), Accuray shall be responsible for  installation of Accuray Products at Customer sites.     4.8. Service Agreements. Accuray will provide its then current Service Agreements to Distributor from time to time during the Term of this  Agreement and any extension thereof, or upon request from Distributor. All prices will be stated in US Dollars, unless another  currency is agreed upon in writing by Accuray. Such Service Agreements are to be offered to the Customer on the terms as set forth  in those agreements, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by an authorized representative of Accuray. Accuray shall execute a  Service Agreement with the Customer upon receipt of (i) a copy of such Service Agreement executed by the Customer, and (ii) any  payments then due under such Service Agreement; provided, however, that Accuray shall have no obligation to enter into such  Service Agreement if it materially deviates from the form Service Agreement provided to Distributor; provided, further, that if  Accuray does not have a direct presence in or Accuray does not have a distributor for the sales of Systems specifically for the  country in which the Customer requests Services, as a condition to any sale of Services to such Customer, Accuray may require  Distributor (solely with the consent of Distributor) to enter into a distribution agreement with Accuray pursuant to Section 3.2 of the  Strategic Alliance Agreement providing, among other things, that Distributor may (at its sole discretion) enter into such Service  Agreement with such Customer and will provide directly to such Customer the Services required to be performed under such Service  Agreement. If Accuray enters into such Service Agreement with such Customer, Accuray will be responsible for and will provide to  such Customer (either directly or through one or more of its distributors) the services required to be performed under such Service  Agreement.     4.9. Customer Training. If training of Customer's personnel is included in a Purchase Order confirmed by Accuray, Accuray will provide  such training in accordance with Accuray's then current training offerings and will coordinate with the Customer in order to provide  such training at Accuray's facility in Sunnyvale, California (or such other facility as may be agreed upon by Customer and  Accuray). For the purposes of such training, Accuray will be responsible for the travel and accommodation expenses of its  personnel, while Customer shall be responsible for the travel and accommodation expenses of its personnel. All Customer training  provided by Accuray will be conducted in English and, to the extent a Customer or its personnel do not have adequate English  language reading and comprehension skills, Accuray will provide an interpreter and translation services sufficient to enable the  Customer and its personnel to meaningfully and effectively participate in Accuray training courses.     10

      4.10. Customer Support. Unless otherwise agreed by Accuray and Distributor (including, without limitation, pursuant to the terms of any  distributorship agreement entered into pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement), Accuray will provide guidance  to billing and reimbursement personnel of each Customer regarding regulatory and billing requirements and reimbursement for  treatment provided with Products under radiosurgery reimbursement codes. Accuray will coordinate and assist the Customer with  room evaluation, architecture support and quality assurance issues in relation to Customer installation sites.     4.11. Additional Support and Training. Accuray will provide additional service, support, or training in relation to Products or Services at  Customer's request, to be ordered separately and directly from Accuray, and priced on a time and materials basis according to  Accuray's then current price lists.     4.12. Distributor Personnel Sales Training. Accuray shall provide training of Distributor's sales personnel responsible for sales of Products  and Services to Distributor free of charge. Such training shall be at the times, in such locations, and in the scope agreed upon by  Distributor and Accuray in good faith; provided, however, that such training shall be provided to such Distributor personnel in  each Accuray Region at least once per year. Each party shall be responsible for all costs and expenses, including travel and lodging,  incurred by it or its personnel to attend or provide such training. Accuray will provide additional training to Distributor's personnel  as may be reasonably requested by Distributor on a time and materials basis according to Accuray's then current price lists.     4.13. Support of Distributor's Efforts. Accuray shall, at its own expense:     4.13.1. assign a dedicated marketing point of contact for Distributor's marketing and sales personnel, which employee may be based  at any of Distributor's facilities as requested by the Steering Committee; and     4.13.2. provide global sales and marketing support, including support for individual sales opportunities, to Distributor; provided,  however, that the scope, duration, location, availability, and timing of such support shall be subject to commercially  reasonable limits and shall be determined pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(iii) of the Strategic Alliance Agreement.     4.14. Compliance with Laws. Accuray will be responsible for complying with (i) applicable U.S. laws, (ii) where Products are being shipped  to Distributor and unless otherwise agreed by Accuray and Distributor, applicable laws, codes, registrations, regulations, and  ordinances related to the export of the Products to Distributor, and (iii) any other applicable laws as they pertain to the Products, the  regulatory clearance, and safety in accordance with Accuray's written Specifications for the intended use. In addition, Accuray  shall be responsible for compliance with any applicable law, code, registration, regulation, and ordinance related to the export of the  Products or Services to Customer and/or Distributor, if any (the "Export Regulations"), and Accuray shall be liable for any expenses  and/or damages incurred by Distributor due to any non-compliance with such Export Regulations by Accuray (unless Accuray is  not responsible for such non-compliance). Accuray shall advise Distributor in writing within two weeks of the confirmation of the  Purchase Order of any information or data required by Accuray to comply with an Export Regulation, including without limitation:





(a) All applicable export list numbers, including the Export Control      11





     Classification Number according to the U.S. Commerce Control List (ECCN);     (b) The statistical commodity code according to the current commodity classification for foreign trade statistics and the  HS (Harmonized System) coding;     (c) The country of origin (non-preferential origin); and     (d) Accuray's declaration of preferential origin (in case of European suppliers) or preferential certificates (in case of  non-European suppliers).     4.15. Spare Parts. Upon a termination of this Agreement, Accuray shall continue to make available to Customers support services on  commercially reasonable terms, including, without limitation, spare parts for the Systems for a minimum period of 10 years after the  last shipment of a System pursuant to this Agreement.     5. COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT     5.1. Orders. Distributor shall make an offer to a Customer based on the Quote provided by Accuray pursuant to the process set forth in  Section 2.3. Submission and acceptance of an order shall be completed pursuant to Section 2.3.3.     5.2. Purchase Price.     5.2.1. Distributor shall pay the prices listed in the applicable Purchase Order (unless prior written approval by Accuray for  application of an earlier price list is obtained) for the Products, including any Spare Parts, less any applicable discounts as  specified in Exhibit A hereto. Distributor shall receive a commission in the amount specified in Exhibit A hereto for any  Service Agreement entered into by Accuray with Customer pursuant to Section 4.8.     5.2.2. All costs of delivering the Products to the Distributor or Customer (including, but not limited to, costs for land, air and/or  ocean freight, insurance, port, customs and forwarding fees, if any), as well as any rigging and unloading of the Products,  shall be paid as provided in the F.C.A. terms. Unless advised otherwise, all prices quoted by Accuray include the cost of  packing and crating for delivery.     5.2.3. Taxes. By way of clarification, all Accuray prices referenced in this Agreement, and all other amounts payable by Distributor to Accuray pursuant to this Agreement are net of any value added tax or federal, state, county or municipal sales or use tax,  excise or similar charge, withholding tax, or other tax assessment (except for any taxes that are assessed against income)  (collectively, the "Taxes"). The parties agree that it is their intention that Accuray will not bear any economic burden  relating to the Taxes. Subject to the foregoing and to compliance with applicable laws, Accuray and Distributor agree to  cooperate with each other as reasonably requested to establish the responsibilities of the parties relating to the payment  and withholding of Taxes, filing of documents, and other matters in order to achieve an efficient tax result.     5.3. Compensation. Except as otherwise provided herein, Distributor's only compensation for its efforts on Accuray's behalf shall be the  margins it earns on the resale of Products and      12





     commissions on sales of Services, and Distributor shall bear all of the expenses which it incurs in making those efforts.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Accuray does not approve the issuance of a Quote to a potential Customer and  later contracts directly (or through one of its distributors) with such potential Customer, of which Accuray shall inform Distributor  without undue delay, Distributor shall receive credit for any sales of Systems to such potential Customer pursuant to and subject to  the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 3.4 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement.     5.4. Payment.     5.4.1. System Purchase Payments. Payment for the purchase of a System shall be made by Distributor to Accuray in US Dollars in  the form of either (1) an irrevocable trade finance letter of credit or (2) wire transfer as further described in Sections 5.4.1.1  (Letter of Credit) and 5.4.1.2 (Wire Transfer), respectively below. Accuray shall bear the cost of any bank charges assessed  by its bank for a letter of credit and any commission charge for a wire transfer. Past due balances on any reasonably  undisputed amount shall bear interest at the rate of 0.5% per month or, if lower, the maximum amount permitted by  applicable law. If Distributor is a "business person" (as defined in  14 of the German Civil Code, "BGB"), the payment shall  be deemed past due only if Distributor fails to pay in response to a payment demand note received after payment becomes  due.     5.4.1.1. Letter of Credit. An irrevocable trade finance letter of credit issued by Distributor's bank, confirmed by a bank  designated by Accuray in all respects and delivered to Accuray upon the acceptance of the Purchase Order  by Accuray. The letter of credit will provide that Accuray can draw against the letter of credit according to the  following schedule:     5.4.1.1.1. US $100,000 (non-refundable but, in case of cancellation of the Purchase Order, automatically applied  to Distributor's next purchase of a System) upon Accuray's acceptance of the Purchase  Order, which must be at least four (4) months prior to the Distributor's proposed shipment  date; and     5.4.1.1.2. Balance upon presentation of documents by Accuray evidencing shipment of the Products to  Distributor or Customer as designated in the Purchase Order.     5.4.1.2. Wire Transfer. A wire transfer made in advance of the date payment is due, made in U.S. dollars, to a bank selected  by Accuray, according to the following schedule:     5.4.1.2.1. US $100,000 (non-refundable but, in case of cancellation of the Purchase Order, automatically applied  to Distributor's next purchase of a System) upon Accuray's acceptance of the Purchase  Order, which must be at least four (4) months prior to the Distributor's proposed shipment  date; and     13





     5.4.1.2.2. The remaining balance is due net 30 days after delivery by Accuray at the specified F.C.A. location  pursuant to Section 4.1.2 and receipt by Distributor of a reasonably undisputed invoice.     5.4.1.3. Tax Exempt Status. In the event that Customer claims tax exempt status in the country where the Accuray System is  to be installed, Customer must provide Accuray with sufficient evidence of such tax exempt status prior to  delivery of the Accuray System.     5.4.2. Products, Spare Parts and Upgrade Payments. Full payment of the purchase price for Products (other than Systems), Spare  Parts and upgrades shall be made by Distributor to Accuray in US Dollars by wire transfer to a bank selected by Accuray  and is due net 30 days after delivery by Accuray at the specified F.C.A. location pursuant to Section 4.1.2 and receipt by  Distributor of a reasonably undisputed invoice. Accuray shall bear the cost of any commission charge for a wire transfer.     5.4.3. Payments by Customers Direct to Accuray. If agreed to in writing by Accuray, Customers may make payments directly to  Accuray using the payment methods and schedules set forth in Sections 5.4.1.1 (Letter of Credit), 5.4.1.2 (Wire Transfer)  and 5.4.2 (Products, Spare Parts and Upgrade Payments) above. Should Customers make such payments to Accuray and  such payment include the Distributor's margin, then Accuray will pay such margin to Distributor once payment is received  from the Customer and cleared by Accuray's designated bank.     5.5. Collections. Notwithstanding Section 5.4.3 above, Distributor shall be solely responsible for determining the creditworthiness of and  collecting payment from its Customers. The risk of non-collection from the Customer will be borne entirely by Distributor, which  shall be responsible for making timely payment to Accuray for Products whether or not Distributor is successful in collecting from  its Customer. In the event that full payment is not received by Accuray, Accuray shall not be liable to Distributor for any margin or  commission unless and until it has received payment of amounts sufficient to cover the costs incurred by Accuray to provide the  applicable Products to Distributor and the applicable Services to Customer ("Accuray Cost"). Distributor acknowledges and agrees  that it shall not be entitled to receive payment of any margin or commission until Accuray has received payment of the Accuray  Cost amount in relation to the applicable Products and Services.     6. TERM AND TERMINATION     6.1. Term. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement,  this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement;  provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic  Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the  "Term").     6.2. Termination.     6.2.1. Breach. If either party commits a material breach of a material provision of this Agreement, if such breach was not excused as a  force majeure pursuant to Section 12.12, and if the breaching party has not cured such breach to the other party's      14





     reasonable satisfaction within 30 days after written notice from the other party specifying the nature of such breach, then  the other party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon delivery of written notice to the breaching Party.     6.2.2. Bankruptcy. A party may terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of written notice to the other party if: (i) any  assignment for the benefit of the other party's creditors is made, (ii) the other party voluntarily files a petition in  bankruptcy or similar proceeding, (iii) the other party has such a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding involuntarily  filed against it, (iv) the other party is placed in an insolvency proceeding, (v) if an order is entered appointing a receiver or  trustee of the other party, or (vi) a levy or attachment is made against a substantial portion of the other party's assets, and,  with respect to any event set forth in clauses (iii) through (vi) above, such position, placement, order, levy or attachment is  not dismissed or removed within 30 days from the date of such event.     6.3. Effect of Termination. Upon expiration of the Term (or other termination of this Agreement):     6.3.1. Transition of Activities. Accuray and Distributor agree to negotiate in good faith an orderly transition of Distributor's  distribution responsibilities and activities to Accuray or a third party designated by Accuray and Distributor agrees to  assist in the transition.     6.3.2. Pending Obligations. Each party must continue to fulfill any obligations, including but not limited to pending Quotes, accrued  before the effective date of such termination.     6.3.3. Return of Materials. Distributor shall transfer to Accuray upon Accuray's request: any regulatory clearances, licenses or  permits obtained for conduct of the business pursuant to this Agreement; any Confidential Information; and other items as  negotiated in good faith between the parties. Furthermore, each of the parties agree to cooperate fully with the other for  any reasonable transition assistance required in the case of termination or expiration of this Agreement.     6.4. No Termination Compensation. Distributor waives any rights it may have to receive any compensation or indemnity upon termination  or expiration of this Agreement, other than as expressly provided in this Agreement. Distributor acknowledges that it has no  expectation and has received no assurances that any investment by Distributor in the promotion of the Products will be recovered  or recouped or that Distributor will obtain any anticipated amount of profits by virtue of this Agreement.     6.5. Accruals. No termination or expiration of this Agreement will terminate any obligation of payment which has accrued prior to the  effective date of such termination or expiration.     7. DISPUTE RESOLUTION. Any contractual issues or disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be resolved pursuant to the  procedures set forth in Section 11.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement.     8. CONFIDENTIALITY. Accuray and Distributor agree that all Confidential Information furnished to a party or its Affiliates, employees,  consultants, and advisors in connection with this Agreement will      15





     be subject to and the parties' rights and obligations with respect to such Confidential Information shall be governed by the Confidentiality  Agreement.     9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.     9.1. Notice of Infringement. Distributor undertakes to inform Accuray without undue delay if it first becomes aware of any possible  infringement by third parties of Accuray's proprietary rights, including, without limitation, a duplication of the Products or any other  patent, trademark or copyright or other infringement of Accuray's intellectual property rights in connection with the Products, and  to cooperate with Accuray at Accuray's sole expense regarding any legal action in relation to such infringement, which in  Accuray's judgment, is necessary or desirable.     9.2. Third Party Claims. If Distributor promptly notifies Accuray of a claim it has received or of which it becomes aware that the Products or  any part thereof purchased by Distributor hereunder infringes a third party's proprietary rights, then Accuray agrees, at its  discretion, either to (i) defend the claim at its expense, with the cooperation of Distributor, provided, that Accuray shall reimburse  Distributor for any reasonable costs or expenses actually incurred by Distributor in connection with providing such cooperation, or  (ii) make changes in the Product or part thereof so that they are at least functionally equivalent and non-infringing or replace the  Products with alternatives that are at least functionally equivalent to avoid the claim, or (iii) purchase the right to use such  proprietary right or (iv) refund to the purchaser the net book value of the Product less a reasonable deduction for use, wear and tear,  and depreciation upon Accuray taking possession of such Product. Notwithstanding Section 10.1, the foregoing states the entire  liability of Accuray with respect to infringement of patents or other proprietary rights by the Products or part thereof, or by their  operation. To remove all doubt, Accuray has no obligation regarding any claim based on any of the following: (a) modification of  the Products by any person other than Accuray; (b) combination, operation or use of the Products with other products, parts,  components, materials or accessories not provided by Accuray; or (c) infringement by a product not manufactured by Accuray.     9.3. Intellectual Property Ownership and License. Accuray and its licensors retain all intellectual property rights in the Products. Accuray  hereby grants Distributor or Customer a nonexclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right to use the software provided in  connection with the Products only in machine readable form and only in combination with the Products with which such software is  provided. No such software shall be copied or decompiled in whole or in part by Distributor or Customer, and Distributor or  Customer shall not disclose or provide any such software, or any portion thereof, to any third party. Accuray hereby grants to  Customers of Products a non-exclusive, non-transferable and royalty-free license under any Patents owned by Accuray or the  licensing of which is controlled by Accuray that, but for this license, would be infringed by the use of such Products in accordance  with the applicable Specification. All rights in intellectual property not expressly granted hereunder are reserved by the owner of  such intellectual property.     9.4. Product Labeling. Products shall be labeled and identified at point of manufacture. Accuray shall be responsible for compliance with all  applicable local laws and regulations relating to labeling. Such labeling and identification shall be only as acceptable to Accuray and  may be altered or added to by Distributor only as previously agreed upon in writing by Accuray. The failure of Distributor to  comply with these provisions shall be considered a material default under the terms of this Agreement.     16





     9.5. Trademarks. Distributor acknowledges the validity and proprietary value of Accuray's trademarks including, but not limited to,  "CyberKnife." Accuray shall retain sole ownership of all goodwill associated with the Products, as represented and symbolized by  the associated trademarks, and Distributor shall not register any of Accuray's trademarks in its name. Distributor undertakes to  display Accuray's trademarks solely in connection with identifying Accuray in the sale and marketing of Products hereunder.  Distributor shall not remove copyright notices or any trademarks from the Products. Distributor shall not be entitled to use said  trademarks in conjunction with Distributor's own trademarks or for any other purpose, except in the manner authorized by Accuray,  which authorization will not be unreasonably withheld and in compliance with distribution standards and specifications established  by Accuray. If Accuray determines in its sole discretion that Distributor is not meeting such standards and specifications,  Distributor shall immediately, at Accuray's instructions, take all steps necessary to ensure that such standards and specifications  are met or cease all further use and display of the trademarks. In the event of expiration or termination of this Agreement, Distributor  shall immediately discontinue all use of Accuray's trademarks except for the sale of Distributor's inventory of Products.     10. INDEMNITIES.     10.1. Accuray Indemnity. Accuray will defend or settle any action brought against Distributor and shall indemnify and hold Distributor  harmless from any liability, damages and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) to the extent that it is  based upon a third-party claim that a Product, as provided by Accuray to Distributor under this Agreement, infringes any patent  issued in the United States, Germany, or in the country in which the Customer requested delivery of the Product or any copyright or  misappropriates any trade secret, and will pay any costs and damages made in settlement or awarded against Distributor in final  decision resulting from any such claim, provided that Distributor: (i) gives Accuray prompt notice of any such claim; (ii) gives  Accuray sole control of the defense and any related settlement of any such claim; and (iii) gives Accuray, at Accuray's expense, all  reasonable information, assistance and authority in connection with the foregoing. Accuray will not be bound by any settlement or  compromise that Distributor enters into without Accuray's express prior written consent.     10.2. Products Liability Indemnity. Accuray will defend or settle any action brought against Distributor and shall indemnify and hold  Distributor harmless from any liability, damages and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) to the extent  that it is based upon a third-party claim that a Product, as provided by Accuray to Distributor under this Agreement is unsafe when  used according to Accuray's written Specifications for its intended use, and will pay any costs and damages made in settlement or  awarded against Distributor in final decision resulting from any such claim, provided that Distributor: (i) gives Accuray prompt  notice of any such claim; (ii) gives Accuray sole control of the defense and any related settlement of any such claim; and (iii) gives  Accuray, at Accuray's expense, all reasonable information, assistance and authority in connection with the foregoing. Accuray will  not be bound by any settlement or compromise that Distributor enters into without Accuray's express prior written consent.     10.3. Injunctions. If Distributor's rights to use and distribute a Product under the terms of this Agreement are, or in Accuray's opinion are  likely to be, enjoined due to the type of claim specified in Section 10.1 (Accuray Indemnity), then Accuray may, at its sole option  and expense: (i) procure for Distributor the right to continue to use and distribute such Product under the terms of this Agreement;  (ii) replace or modify such Product so that it is non-     17





     infringing; or (iii) if options (i) and (ii) above cannot be accomplished despite Accuray's reasonable efforts, then Accuray or  Distributor may terminate this Agreement with respect to such Product and Accuray shall credit to Distributor a pro-rated portion of  the amount paid for such Product based on a straight-line depreciation calculated over a 5-year period beginning on the date of  delivery of the Product, provided that all units of such Product are returned to Accuray in an undamaged condition.     10.4. Indemnity Exclusions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Accuray will have no obligation under Sections 10.1 (Accuray Indemnity) or  10.2 (Products Liability Indemnity) for any third-party claim to the extent that such claim results from: (i) use of any Products not in  accordance with Accuray's written Specifications; (ii) use or combination of the Products with other items, such as other equipment,  processes, programming applications or materials not furnished by Accuray; (iii) compliance by Accuray with Distributor's or  Customers' designs, specifications or instructions; (iv) modifications to a Product not made by or at the express written direction of  Accuray; (v) Distributor's failure to use updated or modified Products provided by Accuray, provided that such updated or  modified Products would have avoided the basis for such claim; or (vi) Distributor's use or distribution of a Product other than in  accordance with this Agreement. The foregoing clauses (i) to (vi) are referred to collectively as "Indemnity Exclusions".     10.5. Limitation. WITHOUT AFFECTING STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY UNDER MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOREGOING  PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION SET FORTH ACCURAY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY AND DISTRIBUTOR'S SOLE  AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  RIGHTS OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY KIND.     10.6. Distributor Indemnity. Distributor will defend or settle, indemnify and hold Accuray harmless from any liability, damages and expenses  (including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) to the extent based upon a third-party claim based on or otherwise  attributable to: (i) Distributor's acts or omissions not in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) any misrepresentations made by  Distributor with respect to Accuray or the Products or Services.     11. LIABILITY.     11.1. Liability for Death or Injury. The liability of any party with respect to death or injury to any person is subject to and governed by the  provisions of applicable law.     11.2. Limitation on Liability. WITHOUT AFFECTING STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY UNDER MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAW,  SECTION 10, OR THE RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THE CONFIDENTIAILITY AGREEMENT AND  EXCEPT FOR BREACHES ASSOCIATED WITH THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IN NO EVENT  SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR  TORT DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA,  LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED  BY THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.     18





     11.3. Liability Cap. Without affecting Section 10 or the respective obligations of the parties under the Confidentiality Agreement and except  for any liability (i) relating to any breach associated with the unauthorized use of Intellectual Property, (ii) arising from the  intentional breach or willful misconduct of a party, or (iii) arising from the non-compliance with any mandatory applicable law or  regulation, the total aggregate liability of one party to another party for any claim relating to any breach of this Agreement (or any  Purchase Order or other agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement) (a "Claim") shall be limited to the aggregate  amount of the purchase prices paid by Distributor to Accuray for Products pursuant to this Agreement (or any Purchase Order or  other Agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement) during the twelve calendar months preceding the date of the  notification to the other party of such Claim less any amounts paid or payable in respect of any other Claim of which the other party  was notified during such twelve month period.     11.4. Notice; No Waiver. Each party shall not unreasonably delay notification to the other party of any Claim. Nothing in this Section 11  shall be deemed a waiver by any party of any right to injunctive relief to the extent it is available to such party.     12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS     12.1. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts of International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the provisions of German private  international law.     12.2. Modification. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, Distributor and Accuray may agree, by execution of a  written agreement, to modify any term or provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the duties of the parties, the  Quote and Purchase Order approval procedure, the pricing of the Products and Services, and the payment terms, with respect to any  single or number of Customer opportunities, Quotes, or Purchase Orders.     12.3. Publicity. Both parties may not use the other party's name or trademarks on its literature, signs, or letterhead, nor may it make press  releases or other public statements disclosing its relationship under this Agreement or otherwise without the prior written consent  of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.     12.4. Goodwill. Distributor agrees that it will help develop and work to preserve the goodwill of Accuray, and will not unreasonably harm  that goodwill. In the event of termination of this Agreement for any reason, Distributor will not do anything to unreasonably harm  the goodwill of Accuray.     12.5. Titles. Titles of the various paragraphs and sections of this Agreement are for ease of reference only and are not intended to change  or limit the language contained in those paragraphs and sections.     12.6. Assignment. Neither this Agreement, nor any of the rights, interests, or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or  delegated, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by any party without the prior written consent of the other party,  and any such assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void; provided, however, that this Agreement may be  assigned by a Party in connection with a Change in Control of such party, subject to the specific termination and other rights set  forth in the Strategic      19





     Alliance Agreement upon such Change in Control; provided, further, that Siemens may assign its rights and obligations under this  Agreement to any Distributor that agrees, in writing, to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement  and the provisions of the Strategic Alliance Agreement, provided, that no such assignment shall relieve Siemens of its obligations  hereunder or thereunder if such Distributor does not perform such obligations. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be  binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.     12.7. Conduct.     12.7.1. Both parties prohibit the harassment of their employees and contractors in any form. They consider harassment of, or  discrimination against, their employees and affiliated persons a very serious matter and will investigate all complaints of  inappropriate conduct. Where the investigation uncover harassment or discrimination, the other party may take  reasonable corrective action, including, without limitation, termination of this Agreement for material breach.     12.7.2. During the Term, Accuray shall comply, in all material respects, with Siemens' Code of Conduct, attached hereto as Exhibit B  (the "Code of Conduct"). Siemens shall give Accuray written notice of any change to its Code of Conduct as soon as  reasonably practicable.     12.7.3. During the Term, Distributor shall comply, in all material respects, with the Business Conduct Guidelines of Siemens and all  other Siemens internal regulations and guidelines.     12.8. Quality Assurance Agreement. During the Term and in connection with its performance of its duties under this Agreement, Accuray  shall comply, in all material respects, with Siemens' Quality Assurance Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C, with the exception of  any provisions thereof related to barcoding.     12.9. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery  if delivered personally, (b) if by facsimile, upon written or electronic confirmation of receipt (if sent during business hours of the  recipient, otherwise on the next business day following such confirmation), (c) on the first business day following the date of  dispatch if delivered utilizing a next-day service by a recognized next-day courier, (d) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the fifth  business day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All  notice hereunder shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below:     20



   12.10. Waiver. The waiver of any breach or default of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any other right  hereunder or of any subsequent breach or default.     12.11. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining  provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect, and the provision affected will be construed so as to be enforceable  to the maximum extent permissible by law.     12.12. Survival. The expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason will not release either party from any liabilities or obligations  set forth herein which (i) the parties have expressly agreed will survive any such expiration or termination; or (ii) remain to be  performed or by their nature would be intended to be applicable following any such termination or expiration. In addition to the  foregoing, the following provisions shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement: Section 3.8 (Warranty); Section  3.11 (Compliance with Laws); Section 4.6 (Warranty); Section 6.2 (Effect of Termination); Section 6.3 (No Termination  Compensation); Section 6.4 (Accruals); Section 7 (Dispute Resolution); Section 8 (Confidentiality); Section 9 (Intellectual Property  Rights); Section 10 (Indemnities), Section 11 (Liability) and Section 12 (Miscellaneous Provisions).     12.13. Force Majeure. Neither party will be responsible for any failure or delay in its performance under this Agreement (except for the  payment of money) due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, labor disputes, strikes, lockouts,  shortages of or inability to obtain labor, energy, raw materials or supplies, war, acts of terror, riot, acts of God or governmental  action.     12.14. Amendments. Any amendment or modification of this Agreement must be made in writing and signed by duly authorized  representatives of each party. For Accuray, a duly authorized representative must be any of the following: CEO, CFO, General  Counsel or Associate General Counsel.     12.15. English Language Requirement. This Agreement is written in the English language as spoken and interpreted in the United States of  America, and such language and interpretation shall be controlling in all respects.     12.16. Foreign Currency. Distributor acknowledges and agrees that it shall assume all risk associated with any fluctuation of foreign  currency exchange rates associated with its pricing of Products and Services to Customers in a currency other than US Dollars. All  payments made by Distributor to Accuray shall be in US Dollars.     12.17. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Strategic Alliance Agreement contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto with

To Accuray:    To Distributor:         Accuray Incorporated    Siemens AG  Attention: Chief Financial Officer    Henkestr. 127  1310 Chesapeake Terrace    91054 Erlangen  Sunnyvale, CA 94089    Germany  Facsimile: +1 (408) 789-4205    Attn: Healthcare General Counsel, Ritva Sotamaa  with cc to: General Counsel    Facsimile: + 49/### - ## - ####





respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior understandings, representations and warranties, written and oral. If  any part of the terms and conditions stated herein are held void or unenforceable, such part will be treated     21





     as severable, leaving valid the remainder of the terms and conditions. In case of any contradiction between this Agreement and the  Strategic Alliance Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.     12.18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together  will constitute one and the same instrument.     SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS     22





     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date by their duly authorized representatives.  The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not become effective until it has been signed by all parties indicated below.

      SIGNATURE PAGE TO MULTIPLE LINAC AND MULTI-MODALITY DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

DISTRIBUTOR:     ACCURAY INCORPORATED:             By: /s/ Christian Klaussner     By: /s/ Euan Thompson             Print name: Christian Klaussner     Print name: Euan Thomson             Title: HIM OCS CFO     Title: President and Chief Executive Officer             Date: June 8, 2010     Date: June 7, 2010                        By: /s/ Holger Schmidt     By: /s/ Darren Milliken             Print name: Holger Schmidt     Print name: Darren Milliken             Title: HIM OCS CEO     Title: Senior Vice President and General Counsel             Date: June 8, 2010     Date: June 7, 2010





     SCHEDULE 2.3.2     ACCEPTANCE PROCESS      Accuray shall have 5 Business Days from date of the submission of a proposed Multiple LINAC Purchase or Multi-Modality Purchases by  Siemens in which to either give or withhold approval of such purchase, with any failure to approve or disapprove of such purchase in  such period constituting disapproval;      Such approval may be given by either Accuray's applicable General Regional Manager or a corporate representative of Accuray, expressly  designated with such approval authority in writing by Accuray to Siemens;      Siemens' shall provide any information concerning such proposed purchase and the proposed purchaser as is reasonably requested by  Accuray;      Such approval of any such proposed purchase must not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;      In determining whether to grant such approval, Accuray may consider, at a minimum:      Existing exclusivity arrangements between Accuray and Third Parties;      Prior and current contact with the proposed purchaser by either Party;      Other commercial relationships that either Party may have with the proposed purchaser;      Bona fide concerns about the suitability of the proposed purchaser; and      Whether Accuray or any of its distributors have obtained any required regulatory clearances and/or import licenses required in  connection with the proposed purchase.





     EXHIBIT A     DISTRIBUTOR DISCOUNTS ON PRODUCTS AND SERVICES



* Siemens distributor channel discount.     Siemens Bundled Sales Price= (List Price (1- (Volume Discount + Distributor Discount))

      EXHIBIT B     SIEMENS CODE OF CONDUCT     SIEMENS     Code of Conduct for Siemens Suppliers     This Code of Conduct defines the basic requirements placed on Siemens' suppliers of goods and services concerning their responsibilities  towards their stakeholders and the environment. Siemens reserves the right to reasonably change the requirements of this Code of Conduct due to  changes of the Siemens Compliance Program. In such event Siemens expects the supplier to accept such reasonable changes.     The supplier declares herewith:      Legal compliance       to comply with the laws of the applicable legal system(s).       Prohibition of corruption and bribery      to tolerate no form of and not to engage in any form of corruption or bribery, including any payment or other form of benefit conferred  on any government official for the purpose of influencing decision making in violation of law.       Respect for the basic human rights of employees      to promote equal opportunities for and treatment of its employees irrespective of skin color, race, nationality, social background,  disabilities, sexual orientation, political or religious conviction, sex or age;   to respect the personal dignity, privacy and rights of each individual;   to refuse to employ or make anyone work against his will;   to refuse to tolerate any unacceptable treatment of employees, such as mental cruelty, sexual harassment or discrimination;   to prohibit behavior including gestures, language and physical contact, that is sexual, coercive, threatening, abusive or exploitative;   to provide fair remuneration and to guarantee the applicable national statutory minimum wage;   to comply with the maximum number of working hours laid down in the applicable laws;   to recognize, as far as legally possible, the right of free association of employees and to neither favor nor discriminate against  members of employee organizations or trade unions.       Prohibition of child labor      to employ no workers under the age of 15 or, in those countries subject to the developing country exception of the ILO Convention  138, to employ no workers under the age of 14.       Health and safety of employees      to take responsibility for the health and safety of its employees;   to control hazards and take the best reasonably possible precautionary measures against accidents and occupational diseases;   to provide training and ensure that employees are educated in health and safety issues;   to set up or use a reasonable occupational health & safety management system(1)

Discount Type

List Price   Range  USD     Volume   Discount     Distributor   Discount*  Volume Discounts - Tier # 1    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 2    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 3    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 4    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 5    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 6    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 7    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 8    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 9    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 10    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 11    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}  Volume Discounts - Tier # 12    {*****}   {*****}   {*****}





    Environmental protection      to act in accordance with the applicable statutory and international standards regarding environmental protection;   to minimize environmental pollution and make continuous improvements in environmental protection;   to set up or use a reasonable environmental management system(1)       Supply chain       to use reasonable efforts to promote among its suppliers compliance with this Code of Conduct;   to comply with the principles of non discrimination with regard to supplier selection and treatment.

(1) For further information see www.siemens.com/procurement/cr/code-of-conduct

      EXHIBIT C     SIEMENS QUALITY ASSURANCE AGREEMENT     Please see attached.

      SIEMENS     For internal use only  Copyright  Siemens AG 2002. All rights reserved.     Quality Requirement Med     Identification of Products and basic  requirements for packaging  Requirements for Suppliers     QR Med 1 A1     Siemens Medical Solutions  and affiliated Companies     Issued by Med Quality Management & Regulatory Affairs     Released 2007-09-28 by the Med Quality Steering Board (QSB)  Valid from 2007-11-01     04798372 AND 02S 04     1









   2

Contents

    1 Purpose and scope 3       2 Definitions and abbreviations 3          2.1 Material No. 3    2.2 Revision 3    2.3 Serial No. 3    2.4 Data Identifier 3    2.5 Expiration date 4    2.6 Batch 4    2.7 Shelf life  4         3 Reference documents 4       4 Requirements 4          4.1 Identification of parts, components and systems 4    4.2 Labeling of parts, components, systems and its packaging 4    4.3 Spacing  6         5 Basic requirements for packaging 7       6 Literature 7       7 Transition and retrospective measures 7       8 Changes to prior version 7       9 Attachments 7

Author:

Gabriele Franz    AX QP         Reviewer:

Volker Glahn    QM&RA  Philippe Hoxter    CSQ





     1 Purpose and scope     For Siemens Medical Solutions it is a basic requirement that any part, component or system is identified the same way worldwide. This document  lists the minimum requirements for suppliers of Siemens Medical Solutions describing   how parts, components and systems are identified with their attributes and   how attributes are labeled both as plain text as well as barcode on products and its packaging. Detailed specifications with regards to the labeling  of products are defined for the individual product concerned.     2 Definitions and abbreviations      2.1 Material No.     The Siemens Medical Solutions Material No. is used to uniquely identify products (parts, components and systems). It consists of an 8-digit  identification no. assigned by Siemens Medical Solutions.     Previously, the term "Part no." was also used; it is replaced by the term "Material No.".      2.2 Revision     The Revision (abbreviated "Rev.") serves to distinguish between different update statuses of hardware. It is assigned by Siemens Medical  Solutions.     The English term "Revision" replaces the German term "Erzeugnisstand" (abbreviated "ES") and "Ausfhrungsstand" (abbreviated "AS").     2.3 Serial No.     The Serial No. is an identifying attribute used to uniquely identify hardware or software with the same Material No. .     For suppliers the Serial No. can consist of up to 15 alphanumeric digits; it is however recommended to use only a 6 digit numerical Serial No. where  possible.     The Serial No. may contain a dash (-) or a slash (/), but no other special characters (e.g. # + * ?). Spaces, lower-case letters or language-specific  characters (e.g. , , ) are not allowed within the Serial No. .     The characters "L", "SxxL" or "Sxx" at the end or the beginning of the Serial No. should be avoided (xx = any alphanumerical character).     For any Serial No. that is numeric only (i.e. has no letters) it is allowed to omit printing of leading zeros (0").     It is recommended to use the Serial No. of the supplier if it complies with the principles described above.     2.4 Data Identifier     Data Identifiers are used in the barcode to indicate that the information following the Data Identifier is data of a certain attribute. The Data  Identifier enables the barcode reading program to recognize that the following information represents a certain type of attribute.     Data Identifiers to be used:

   3

1P    Material No.   2P   Revision (for packaging only)  S    Serial No.   Q   Quantity (for packaging only)  14D    Expiration date (for packaging only)   T   Batch (for packaging only)





     2.5 Expiration date     The format of the expiration date shall be definite and specified as follows: YYYYMMDD     2.6 Batch     The batch is an alphanumeric ident number with 10 digits, used to identify parts manufactured or shipped together. Is no batch provided on the  packing but required, a batch is initiated in the stock.     2.7 Shelf life     If a shelf life is defined for parts the shelf life has to be filed in calendar days. (365 days per year)     3 Reference documents     n.a.     4 Requirements     4.1 Identification of parts, components and systems     Non-serialized parts (including spare parts) and components are identified using a Material No. . If necessary, different statuses of a part,  component or system can be distinguished via the Revision.     Serialized parts, components and systems are identified using the combination of Material No. and Serial No. . In addition, the Revision may be  used to distinguish between different statuses of hardware.     4.2 Labeling of parts, components, systems and its packaging     In general, requirements with respect to labeling have to be defined for the product concerned. However, minimum requirements are specified in  order to allow proper identification throughout all processes involved. This chapter lists those minimum requirements.     For all material numbers specified by Siemens the parts and its packaging have to be labeled according to the requirements listed below. The label  depends on whether a part/component/system      is serialized   contains a revision level   is classified as an IVK ("Installed Volume Component")   shall be handled by expiration date or batch     Siemens defines those requirements per individual Material No. .     4







   5

Color     Usually white label with black printing other colors are allowed as long as barcode/plain text  can be read         Barcode content    1P <Material No. >       S <Serial No.>         Additionally for packaging only    2P <product Revision>       Q <quantity of products in this packaging (numeric only), usually 1>              It is not allowed to label Revision and Quantity on product identification labels!              e.g.: 1P01234567 as barcode *) (1P) Model No. 01234567           S1001 as barcode *) (S) Serial No. 1001

   Each symbol structure with start and stop character including Data Identifier (e.g. "1P" or  "S"), but without symbol check character.              No space allowed between Data Identifier and attribute.              It is not allowed to print any other information in the barcode fields described above.         Barcode type    Code 39 according to ISO/IEC 16388         Narrow element (bar or space)    Min. 0,17 mm         Ratio of wide element to narrow element    Min. 2,25 : 1         Barcode height    Min. 2 mm, typical 4mm         Plain text (below barcode)    (1P) Model No.: <Material No.>       (S) Serial No.: <Serial No.>         Additionally for packaging only    (2P) Revision: <product Revision>       (Q) Quantity: <quantity of products in this packaging (numeric only), usually 1>              It is not allowed to label Revision and Quantity on product identification labels!

   Data Identifier (e.g. "1P" or "S") in brackets in front of data element title (e.g. ''Model No."  or "Serial No.") in plain text!              e.g.: (1P) Model No.: 01234567 *) (1p) Model No. 01234567       (S) Serial No.: 1001 *) (S) Serial No. 1001

   Note: Due to 21CFR1020.30 section e) the term "Model No." shall be used instead of the  term "Material No." in plain text on all labels.



It is not allowed to print any other information near the data fields described above. If any  other information is printed, it must be printed in a manner so that it can't be misinterpreted  as being part of the fields described above; this can be done by printing other information at  the very right side of the label.         Additionally for products only



For IVKs or System IVKs, the text "IVK" or "SYSTEM IVK" shall be printed on the very  right side of the label. It has to be ensured that this text can't be misinterpreted as being part  of the Serial No. ; this can be done by printing this text on a different level. [Siemens  Medical Solutions decides and specifies whether a product is an IVK or System IVK.]









Additionally for packing only    The Expiration date of parts with Shelf life is fixed below the quantity as following:       Expiration date: <date of expiration> YYYYMMDD

   For parts which require a Batch, the batch is fixed below the Expiration date as following:  AAAAAAAAAA              For a transition period the batch can also be fixed above the material number         Font    Universe, if not possible use similar font (e.g. Helvetica)

*) In case of limited space, it is possible to print the bar code next to (and not under) the clear text.     4.3 Spacing      Minimum distances are:





   5) Expiration date and 6) Batch can be printed in barcode additionally.

(A)    Horizontal distance from edge (quiet zone)   >5 mm  (B)    Vertical distance from edge   >2 mm  (C)    Vertical distance between printing areas   >1 mm

Legend:  a) printing area for barcode             b) printing area for plain text

For a transition period the batch can also be fixed above the material number     6





     5 Basic requirements for packaging     Especially for spare parts appropriate packaging are required for the global shipping process. Should those packaging contain wood, generally  "non wood-packaging" according IPPC (International Plant Protection Convention) shall be used, but fumigation of such packaging is not  allowed.     Packaging shall be designed in a suitable way to protect the packed good against transportation load according to IEC 60721-3-2 class's 2M2/2K4     International pictograms following the IEC 60601 series shall be used for parts which fall under specific restrictions for transport or storage.     The specification of packaging especially for spare parts is within the responsibility of the Business Unit responsible for the product.     6 Literature     ISO/IEC 16388 "Information technology  Automatic identification and data capture techniques  Bar code symbology specifications  Code  39".     IEC 60721-3-2 Classification of environmental conditions  Part 3: Classification of groups of environmental parameters and their severities   Section 2: Transportation     7 Transition and retrospective measures     n.a.     8 Changes to prior version     CR-No.: 2007-005  Changes to previous edition 04798372 AND 02S 03:      Chapter 2: Reference document IEC 60721-3-2 added    Chapter 5: Design of packaging changed     CR-No. 2006-008 (CR N06/0207)  Changes to previous edition 04798372 AND 02S 02:      Title: Added: and basic requirements for packaging   Chapter 3.4 Data Identifier for Expiration Date and Batch added   Chapter 3.5  3.7: Completely new   Chapter 4.2 Added: Expiration date and batch   Chapter 4.3. Added: labeling of Expiration Date and Batch,   Chapter 5: Completely new     CR-No. 2006-01, 2006-02  Changes to previous edition 4798372 AND 02S 01:      Chapter 2, 4.2 : EN 800 replaced by ISO/IEC 16388   Chapter 4.2 : general requirements at the beginning stated more clearly, footnote added     9 Attachments     n.a.     7
REDACTED COPY

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED

CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS

DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN REDACTED

AND HAVE BEEN SEPARATELY

FILED WITH THE COMMISSION

  1





ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

This Agreement is entered into on January 13, 2005 between professional golfer, TOM WATSON, (hereinafter referred to as "CONSULTANT") and ADAMS GOLF, LTD. (hereinafter referred to as "ADAMS GOLF").

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, ADAMS GOLF desires to obtain the right to use the name, likeness and ENDORSEMENT of CONSULTANT in connection with the advertisement and promotion of ADAMS GOLF'S PRODUCT;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

CONTRACT PERIOD

1.   TERM OF CONTRACT

The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].

2.   DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below:

    A. CONSULTANT'S "ENDORSEMENT" means the right to use the CONSULTANT'S name, fame, nickname, autograph, voice, facsimile, signature, photograph, likeness, and image in connection with the marketing, advertising, promotion and sale of ADAMS GOLF'S PRODUCT.

B."PRODUCT" shall mean all golf clubs including, but not limited to, metal woods,  drivers, fairway woods, irons, iron- woods, utility clubs, wedges, and putters, bags, and headwear.   C."MANDATORY PRODUCTS" shall mean the following ADAMS GOLF PRODUCTS  that CONSULTANT must exclusively play/use in all Champions/Senior Professional Golf Association (SPGA) and Professional Golf Association (PGA) events at all times:

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   2





  1.[*****] 2.Sufficient [*****] to maintain total minimum of [*****] ADAMS GOLF  [*****] (includes [*****])[*****] at all times 3.[*****] 4.[*****] (CONSULTANT may continue to place the [*****] logo on the [*****] consistent with historical practice.)

D. "CONTRACT TERRITORY" shall mean the entire world.

CONSULTANT'S OBLIGATIONS

3.   CONSULTANT'S ENDORSEMENT

CONSULTANT hereby gives and grants to ADAMS GOLF the exclusive right and license to use CONSULTANT'S ENDORSEMENT in connection with the manufacture, sale, distribution, advertising and promotion of PRODUCT in the CONTRACT TERRITORY.   4. EXCLUSIVITY OF ENDORSEMENT   During the term of this Agreement, unless otherwise authorized at the sole discretion of ADAMS GOLF in writing, CONSULTANT shall not:   A.give the right to use or permit the use of CONSULTANT'S name, facsimile signature, nickname, voice or likeness to any other manufacturer or seller of PRODUCT;

B.sponsor or endorse PRODUCT made or sold by any other manufacturer or seller; or

C.serve as a CONSULTANT or advisor of any other manufacturer or seller of PRODUCT.

D.Notwithstanding paragraphs 4A, 4B and 4C above, CONSULTANT shall be entitled to endorse and play the [*****]. The parties expressly  agree that CONSULTANT may  permit [*****] the use of CONSULTANT'S  name and/or likeness in [*****] print and/or television advertisement provided that this is executed in a manner consistent with [*****] past  [*****] advertising practice using similarly situated professional golfers  with competing golf club endorsement agreements that include [*****]. If  [*****] use of CONSULTANT  varies from past practice of utilizing similarly situated professionals, CONSULTANT will take action to remedy the situation [*****]. If CONSULTANT participates directly in any [*****] sponsored photo shoots for advertising or PR, CONSULTANT shall wear his ADAMS GOLF [*****]. The parties further expressly agree that CONSULTANT'S endorsement of the [*****] shall not include the right to place a [*****] logo on his ADAMS GOLF [*****] or the ADAMS GOLF  [*****]. If CONSULTANT'S relationship with [*****] terminates during this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall be permitted to replace the [*****] endorsement with another [*****] endorsement under the same terms and conditions expressed herein.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   3





  E.Notwithstanding  paragraphs 4A, 4B and 4C above, CONSULTANT  shall not be required to wear ADAMS  GOLF [*****] in [*****] ads.

5.   EXCLUSIVE USE OF PRODUCT

During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall exclusively play/use the MANDATORY PRODUCT. (It is expressly understood by the parties that CONSULTANT may play [* ****] clubs in the bag other than ADAMS GOLF clubs including, but not limited to, a putter by a manufacturer other than ADAMS GOLF but may not endorse those clubs and/or putter.)

6.    CONSULTANT'S ENDORSEMENT OF NON-COMPETITIVE PRODUCT

If CONSULTANT endorses or promotes a non-competitive product and in that endorsement or promotion CONSULTANT wears, plays, uses, holds or is in any way associated with a product that would constitute PRODUCT as defined under this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use objectively reasonable best efforts to ensure that PRODUCT is an ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT and it shall not be altered or changed in appearance in the endorsement in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of ADAMS GOLF. When endorsing a non-competitive product, under no circumstances shall CONSULTANT wear, play, use, hold or in any way be associated with an ADAMS GOLF competitor's Product.

7.   CONSULTANT'S SATISFACTION OF MANDATORY PRODUCT

It is particularly and expressly understood and agreed that if CONSULTANT shall find in his sincere best reasonable judgment that the MANDATORY PRODUCT so supplied is not suitable for his use in tournament competition, then he shall promptly notify ADAMS GOLF in writing of such fact and the reasons therefor. Thereafter, ADAMS GOLF shall have a period of thirty (30) days to either, at ADAMS GOLF'S sole discretion, supply CONSULTANT with MANDATORY PRODUCT that is acceptable to him or terminate the agreement. It is agreed that if the contract is terminated pursuant to this paragraph, the compensation due CONSULTANT shall be prorated from the date this Agreement is terminated. Proration of compensation shall be determined on the same repayment schedule as provide in paragraph 8A below.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   4





  8. MINIMUM NUMBER OF TOURNAMENTS AND POTENTIAL REPAYMENT OF BASE COMPENSATION

    A.  In each and every calendar year of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall achieve a satisfactory record of play in a minimum of [* ****] professional golf association events on the SPGA and/or PGA tour (which shall include both the PGA and SPGA Tour Skins Games). If for any reason, CONSULTANT should achieve a satisfactory record of play in less than [*****] SPGA and/or PGA tour events in a calendar year, he shall repay ADAMS GOLF an amount per event for each event under [*****] achieved in the given calendar year as follows:

The agreed upon repayment amount per event per calendar year:

1.  Year 1. $[*****] 2.  Year 2 $[*****] 3.  Year 3 $[*****] 4.  Year 4 $[*****] 5.  Year 5 $[*****]

B.Payment shall be made to ADAMS GOLF within one month following the end of the calendar year. For example, if in the calendar year 2005 CONSULTANT  achieves a satisfactory record of play in [*****] events, he shall repay ADAMS GOLF [*****] dollars no later than January 31, 2006.

C.In the event that CONSULTANT is prevented from competing for reasons outside his control, the parties  agree to a good faith attempt to resolve the issues. If a resolution can not be reached, ADAMS GOLF may, at its sole discretion, demand prorated repayment pursuant to the repayment schedule in paragraph 8A above.

9.     PRODUCT DESIGN   During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use best efforts to cooperate with ADAMS GOLF in giving advice, suggestions and recommendations concerning the acceptability and playability of current ADAMS GOLF lines, the development of new ADAMS GOLF lines, and information about significant golf PRODUCT and golf market trends, and meet as reasonably requested with ADAMS GOLF'S Design/Testing Teams.   10.    PROMOTION OF PRODUCT

     During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use best efforts to wear the headwear and display ADAMS GOLF'S brand name and to demonstrate, discuss and emphasize the newest features of ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT at every opportunity including but not limited to all Senior PGA tour events and promotional and advertising events in which CONSULTANT takes part.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   5





  11.    PROMOTIONAL APPEARANCES

A.During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use best efforts to be available for such press interviews, radio or TV appearances arranged for CONSULTANT by ADAMS GOLF which are compatible with CONSULTANT'S own practice, play and personal time requirements. CONSULTANT will be required to be available after a tournament for selected interviews, either the Sunday afternoon or Monday morning following the tournament. In all such interviews and appearances, CONSULTANT will use his best efforts to make reference to the ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT and wear [*****] and display ADAMS GOLF'S brand name.

B.During  the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT  shall make himself available on not more than [*****]  days for television and radio commercials, photo shoots, modeling and  promotional appearances compatible with CONSULTANT'S  own practice, play and personal time requirements. Said activities shall  be directly related to the promotion of ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT. ADAMS GOLF  shall  reimburse CONSULTANT  for reasonable travel expenses for CONSULTANT when making special appearances for ADAMS GOLF pursuant to this paragraph but ADAMS GOLF shall not pay CONSULTANT session fees, residual payments or the like for television appearances. Travel expenses shall include jet fuel or first-class round-trip airfare and lodging, meals and local transportation.

12.   BEHAVIOR

During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT will conduct himself at all times with due regard to public morals and conventions. If the value of CONSULTANT'S ENDORSEMENT is materially reduced or impaired because CONSULTANT:

A.committed or shall commit any public act that involves moral turpitude, B.commits or violates any material foreign, U.S., federal, or other applicable state or local law, C.commits any act which brings him into public disrepute, contempt, scandal or  ridicule, or which insults or offends the community, D.makes any statements in derogation, in any material respect, of ADAMS GOLF or any of its affiliates or any of their respective PRODUCT or  services and such statement is made to the general public or becomes a matter of public knowledge,

then at any time after the occurrence of such act, thing or statement, ADAMS GOLF shall have the right, in addition to its other legal and equitable remedies, to immediately terminate this Agreement, by giving written notice to CONSULTANT. ADAMS GOLF must exercise its right of termination within ninety (90) days of its senior management becoming aware of the conduct giving rise to the right of termination.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   6





  13.  FREEDOM TO CONTRACT

CONSULTANT represents and warrants that CONSULTANT is free of all prior undertakings and obligations which would prevent or tend to impair either the full performance of CONSULTANT'S obligations hereunder or ADAMS GOLF'S full enjoyment of the rights and privileges granted to it by CONSULTANT.

14. INDEMNITY

CONSULTANT agrees to protect, indemnify and hold ADAMS GOLF harmless from any and all liability, claims, causes of action, suits, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) for which it becomes liable or is compelled to pay by reason of a breach of any covenant or representation by CONSULTANT in this Agreement.

15.  ABSENCE OF AGENCY

CONSULTANT shall not and will not have the right or authority to bind ADAMS GOLF by any representation or in any other respect whatsoever or to incur any obligation or liability in the name of or on behalf of ADAMS GOLF.

16. MEMBERSHIPS

CONSULTANT warrants and represents that during the term of this Agreement he is a member in good standing of SAG, AFTRA or any other organization having jurisdiction over CONSULTANT'S services hereunder. This Agreement is subject to all of the terms and conditions of the collective bargaining agreements with SAG, AFTRA, or any other union agreements or codes having jurisdiction over CONSULTANT'S services hereunder. Any and all payments required to be made to SAG or AFTRA or any other organization having jurisdiction over CONSULTANT'S services hereunder, shall be the sole responsibility of CONSULTANT.

ADAMS GOLF'S OBLIGATIONS

17.   SUPPLY OF PRODUCT

A. During the term of this Agreement, ADAMS GOLF shall provide CONSULTANT  with sufficient quantities of such MANDATORY  PRODUCTS  for CONSULTANT'S  use as CONSULTANT  may reasonably need to fulfill his obligations under this agreement.  ADAMS  GOLF  shall pay all charges in connection with the delivery of MANDATORY PRODUCTS to CONSULTANT.

B.In  addition to paragraph 17A above, ADAMS GOLF  shall provide CONSULTANT  with [*****] sets of clubs for CONSULTANT'S family and friends each calendar year of this Agreement.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   7





  18.  BASE COMPENSATION

For the entire term of this Agreement, from September 1, 2004 through [*****] ADAMS GOLF shall pay CONSULTANT a base compensation of [*****] dollars. The base compensation shall be paid [*****].

19.   PERFORMANCE BONUSES AND TOTAL COMPENSATION LIMITATION

  A. In addition to his base compensation, CONSULTANT shall also be entitled to bonuses based on performance in particular PGA and SPGA events and year-end standing as follows:

  1. If CONSULTANT wins a PGA Tour Major (consisting of the Masters, US Open, PGA and British Open) or the Champion's Tour (SPGA) US Open, CONSULTANT shall receive a bonus of $ [*****].

  2. If CONSULTANT wins a Champions/Seniors Tour (SPGA) major other than the US Open (which shall for the purposes of this agreement consist of the Senior PGA, Senior British, the Tradition and the Ford Seniors) CONSULTANT shall receive a bonus of $ [*****].

3. If CONSULTANT finishes in the top [*****] on the official year end money list of the Champion's Tour (SPGA), CONSULTANT shall also be entitled to a year end performance bonus according to the following schedule:

a.2005 $ [*****] b.2006$ [*****] c.2007$ [*****] d.2008$ [*****] e.2009$ [*****]

B.Notwithstanding  paragraph A and its subparts above, the maximum total annual bonuses shall  in no case exceed the following schedule:

1.2005 $ [*****] 2.2006$ [*****] 3.2007$ [*****] 4.2008$ [*****] 5.2009$ [*****]

(For example, if in the calendar year [*****]CONSULTANT wins every PGA tour major and finishes in the top [*****] on the official year end money list of the Champion's Tour (SPGA), CONSULTANT'S total bonuses shall be [*****] dollars.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   8





      C.  In the event of ADAMS GOLF'S insolvency or bankruptcy, it is expressly agreed to by the parties that CONSULTANT shall not be obligated to repay any money so long as CONSULTANT continues to fully perform his obligations under this Agreement.   20.  APPROVAL OF ADVERTISING

Prior to publishing or placing any advertising or promotional material which uses CONSULTANT'S name, facsimile signature, nickname, voice or likeness, ADAMS GOLF shall submit the same to CONSULTANT, or CONSULTANT'S designee, for approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If CONSULTANT disapproves, the reasons therefore shall be given to ADAMS GOLF in writing within three (3) business days or shall be deemed approved. ADAMS GOLF agrees to protect, indemnify and hold CONSULTANT harmless from and against any and all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, arising out of, or in any way connected with, any advertising material furnished by, or on behalf of, the company.

21.  INDEMNITY

  ADAMS GOLF agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CONSULTANT from any and all liability, claims, causes of action, suits, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) for which he becomes liable or is compelled to pay by reason of or arising out of any claim or action for personal injury, death or otherwise involving alleged defects in ADAMS GOLF'S PRODUCT, provided that ADAMS GOLF is promptly given notice in writing and is given complete authority and information required for the defense, and ADAMS GOLF shall pay all damages or costs awarded therein against CONSULTANT and any other cost incurred by CONSULTANT in defense of any suit, but shall not be responsible for any cost, expense or compromise incurred or made by CONSULTANT without ADAMS GOLF'S prior written consent.

TERMINATION

22.  FAILURE TO PLAY

Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this Agreement, in the event that CONSULTANT dies or is unable to play tour golf at all, ADAMS GOLF may terminate this Agreement on thirty (30) days' written notice. Upon such termination, CONSULTANT and/or CONSULTANT'S estate shall be required to repay ADAMS GOLF for that period of the Agreement not performed by CONSULTANT. The repayment amount shall be calculated in the same way as repayment is calculated under paragraph 8A.   9





  23.  TERMINATION FOR CAUSE

Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this Agreement, if either party commits any material breach of this Agreement, the other party may terminate for cause upon giving fifteen (15) days written notice of such cause and provided the breach is not rectified within such fifteen (15) day period. Upon such termination, CONSULTANT shall be required to repay ADAMS GOLF for that period of the Agreement not performed by CONSULTANT. The repayment amount shall be calculated in the same way as repayment is calculated under paragraph 8A.

24.  ADAMS GOLF'S RIGHTS UPON TERMINATION

A.In  the event of termination of this Agreement,  ADAMS  GOLF  shall cease using the name and/or likeness of CONSULTANT in advertising within [*****] days.

B.In  the event of termination of this Agreement,  ADAMS  GOLF  shall cease using the name and/or likeness of CONSULTANT on Product within [*****] months after termination of this Agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

24. SIGNIFICANCE OF HEADINGS

Section headings contained herein are solely for the purpose of aiding in speedy location of subject matter and are not in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement. Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the construction of this Agreement, it is to be construed as though such section headings had been omitted.

25. APPLICABLE LAW

This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Kansas.

26. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

The provisions of this Agreement are intended by the parties as a complete, conclusive and final expression of their agreement concerning the subject matter hereof, which Agreement supersedes all prior agreements concerning the subject matter, and no other statement, representation, agreement or understanding, oral or written, made prior to or at the execution hereof, shall vary or modify the written terms hereof. No amendments, modifications or releases from any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties.

27. WAIVER

Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing, no departure from, waiver of, or omission to require compliance with any of the terms hereof by either party shall be deemed to authorize any prior or subsequent departure or waiver, or obligate either party to continue any departure or waiver.

[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.   10





  28. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY REQUIRED

This instrument shall not be considered to be an agreement or contract nor shall it create any obligation whatsoever on the part of CONSULTANT or ADAMS GOLF unless and until it has been signed by CONSULTANT, or a duly authorized representative, and by duly authorized representatives of ADAMS GOLF and delivery has been made of a fully signed original to both parties.

29. SEVERABILITY

Any provision or part of this Agreement prohibited by applicable law shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition without invalidating the remaining provisions or parts hereof.

30. RELATIONSHIP

Both parties agree that this Agreement does not constitute and shall not be construed as a constituting of a partnership or joint venture between ADAMS GOLF and CONSULTANT. Neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever, and nothing herein contained shall give or is intended to give any rights of any kind to any third person.

31. ASSIGNMENT AND CHANGE OF CONTROL

Neither ADAMS GOLF nor CONSULTANT shall have the right to grant sublicenses hereunder or to assign, alienate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder.

32. CONFIDENTIALITY

Both parties understand that the contents of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all amounts paid or to be paid and any additional consideration, are extremely confidential, and that disclosure of same to any third party could be detrimental to the interests of one or both parties. Therefore, both parties agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement, without the permission of the other party, to any third party other than to CONSULTANT'S business, legal and financial advisors, and with respect to all such advisors, CONSULTANT shall take all reasonable steps to ensure such confidentiality to ADAMS GOLF. Furthermore, CONSULTANT recognizes that during the course of performing his duties hereunder he may become aware of proprietary, confidential information concerning ADAMS GOLF, its PRODUCT, methods, processes, billing practices, financial condition, etc., or information ADAMS GOLF designates as confidential (collectively "Confidential Information"). CONSULTANT agrees that he will maintain in confidence and not disclose to any third party at any time any such Confidential Information and shall not use any such information to the detriment of ADAMS GOLF or for any purpose not contemplated by the Agreement.     11





  33.  ARBITRATION

In the event a dispute arises under this Agreement which cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be submitted to arbitration and resolved by a panel of three arbitrators (who shall be lawyers), in a decision required by a majority of the arbitrators. If the parties cannot agree upon the panel of three arbitrators, then each party may pick an arbitrator and the two chosen arbitrators shall choose upon the three-arbitrator panel. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Venue shall be Kansas. The award or decision rendered by the arbitration panel shall be final, binding and conclusive and judgment may be entered upon such award by any court of competent jurisdiction.

34. NOTICE

Every written notice or written report which may be served upon CONSULTANT, according to the terms of this Agreement, may be served by enclosing it in a postpaid envelope addressed to:

Mr. Tom Watson C/O Assured Management Company 1901 W. 47th Place, Suite 200 Westwood, Kansas 66205

or at such other address as is given in writing to ADAMS GOLF by CONSULTANT.

Every written notice which may be served upon ADAMS GOLF, according to the terms of this Agreement, shall be served by enclosing it in a postpaid envelope addressed to:

Attention Legal Department ADAMS GOLF, LTD. 2801 East Plano Parkway Plano, Texas 75074

or at such other address as is given in writing by ADAMS GOLF to CONSULTANT.

12





  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first set forth above.

    APPROVED FOR CONSULTANT                       By: /s/ Tom Watson     Date: January 13, 2005

Tom Watson



    APPROVED FOR ADAMS GOLF, LTD.                       By: /s/ Oliver G. "Chip" Brewer III     Date: January 13, 2005

Oliver G. ("Chip") Brewer III

  CEO, ADAMS GOLF

    13
Exhibit 10.11   ***Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on a request for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT     This Strategic Collaboration Agreement ("Agreement"), effective as of the 23rd day of  September, 2016 ("Effective Date"), is entered into by and between The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, with a place of business located at 1515 Holcombe Blvd., Houston, TX 77030, USA ("MD Anderson"), a member institution of The University of Texas System ("System") and Adaptimmune LLC, with a place of business located at 2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 1903, USA ("Adaptimmune"); and Adaptimmune Limited, with a place of business at 101 Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 4RY ("Adaptimmune Limited") (MD Anderson and Adaptimmune each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").   WITNESSETH   Whereas Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited are biotechnology companies involved in the field of research, development and marketing of pharmaceutical products and therapies, including the sponsorship of clinical trials.   Whereas MD Anderson is a comprehensive cancer research, treatment, and prevention center, with scientists and technicians in substantive fields relating to cancer research.   Whereas the Parties hereby wish to establish a strategic alliance, as further described herein, ("Alliance") whereby Adaptimmune will provide funding and in-kind support for: (a) one or more preclinical studies ("Pre-clinical Studies"); and (b) one or more clinical and related correlative studies ("Clinical Studies") to be conducted by MD Anderson pursuant to this Agreement (each such Clinical Study or Pre-clinical Study, a "Study," and all such Clinical Studies and Pre-clinical Studies, the "Studies.").   Now therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter recited, the Parties do hereby agree as follows:   1. Subject and Scope of Agreement   1.1 The initial scope of the Alliance will consist of the Studies described in Exhibit I, the details of which are to be mutually agreed upon by the JSC from time to time in accordance with Sections 1.5 - 1.8 below). The Studies and/or the scope of the Alliance may be replaced and/or changed as agreed upon by the JSC. Adaptimmune shall have responsibility for IND filing and monitoring unless otherwise agreed by JSC. The Alliance Funding (defined in Section 1.3 below) will cover enrollment of a minimum of *** Clinical Study subjects into Clinical Studies (with Clinical Studies in this context excluding any screening Study or long term follow-up Study) ("Minimum Patient Numbers"). MD Anderson represents and undertakes that (a) *** and (b) that the ***   (together (a) and (b) being the ***):   1.2  Adaptimmune shall be the sponsor of any Clinical Study. MDACC shall be responsible for the conduct of each Study in accordance with the relevant protocol and/or workscope. The Agreement shall govern the performance of Studies by MD Anderson and one or more Principal Investigator(s) on basis of

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   1





  Study specific documents ("Study Orders") as agreed upon by the Parties. This Agreement shall apply to all Studies set out in the Study Orders performed by MD Anderson and the MD Anderson principal investigator(s) responsible for the performance of such Studies ("Principal Investigator(s)") upon execution of Study Orders during the term of this Agreement. Each Study Order shall be substantially in the form attached as Exhibit III to this Agreement and shall detail the specifics of the Study to be performed under such Study Order including, without limitation, (i) the detailed Protocol or workscope, (ii) the Principal Investigator and (iii) identify any project-specific resources or support provided by Adaptimmune. In the event of any conflict of terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Study Order, the terms of this Agreement shall govern, unless the Study Order specifically and expressly supersedes this Agreement with respect to a specific term, and then only with respect to the particular Study Order and specific term. If there is any discrepancy or conflict between the terms contained in a Protocol or workscope and this Agreement and/or the relevant Study Order, the terms of the Protocol or workscope shall govern and control with respect to clinical/scientific matters and the terms of the Agreement and/or the relevant Study Order in that order shall govern and control with respect to all other matters, e.g., legal and financial matters.   1.3 Adaptimmune agrees to commit funding in an amount of at least nineteen million six hundred and forty four thousand Dollars US ($19,644,000) for the performance of the Studies as set out in Exhibit I during the term ("Alliance Funding"). The JSC may allocate and/or re-allocate funds to Studies as necessary and agreed by JSC. The basic per patient estimate for Clinical Studies is as follows: for screening Clinical Studies: $***, for long term follow-up Clinical Studies: $*** and for other Clinical Studies: $***. If the Parties extend the term by mutual agreement as set forth herein, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the amount of future Study funding commitments by Adaptimmune applicable to such extended term. In the event a Study is terminated early, then in relation to any funds allocated to such Study, the Parties shall promptly discuss and agree upon a replacement of that Study with a new study of similar scope that is of mutual scientific interest to the Parties and that is approved by the JSC, and that will be funded by the Alliance Funding. If there is any Alliance Funding at the expiration or termination of this Agreement, it will be allocated to studies, research or tests agreed by the JSC, and such Alliance Funding will be payable in accordance with agreed milestones relevant to such agreed studies, research or tests.   The Parties understand that the compensation being paid to MD Anderson under this Agreement constitutes the fair market value of the services to be provided hereunder. Neither MD Anderson nor Principal Investigator shall seek or accept reimbursement from any third-party payor for any Study items or procedures supplied by or paid for by Adaptimmune under this Agreement. MD Anderson acknowledges that Adaptimmune may be obligated to disclose all payments made hereunder, including the provision of non-monetary items of value, as may be required under Applicable Law, including the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, passed as Section 6002 of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and, to the extent required by Applicable Laws, agrees to keep and maintain relevant records of such and, upon Adaptimmune's reasonable request, provide such records to Adaptimmune to the extent such information is not already in Adaptimmune's possession, but only to the extent required for Adaptimmune to comply with its legally required reporting obligations. MD Anderson consents to such disclosure, to the extent such disclosure is required for Adaptimmune to comply with Applicable Laws. MD Anderson shall ensure that the Principal Investigator provides in a timely manner all such reasonable information to Adaptimmune necessary for Adaptimmune to comply with any disclosure requirements to the extent required by and in accordance with 21 C.F.R. Part 54, including but not limited to, any information required to be disclosed in connection with any financial relationship between Adaptimmune and the Principal Investigators and sub-investigators involved in the Study, as well as any immediate family members thereof. MD Anderson will ensure that Principal Investigator promptly updates any provided information if any relevant changes occur during the performance of any Study and for one year following completion of any Study.

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   2





  No amounts paid under this Agreement are intended to be for, nor shall they be construed as, an offer or payment made in exchange for any explicit or implicit agreement to purchase, prescribe, recommend, or provide a favorable formulary status, for any Adaptimmune product or service. Any such compensation will be consistent with fair market value in arms-length transactions and will not be determined in a manner that takes into account the volume or value of any referrals or business otherwise generated between the Parties for which payment may be made in whole or in part under Medicare, Medicaid or other Federal health care programs. MD Anderson and Adaptimmune each confirm that in entering into this Agreement they have not accepted any bribes or illegal inducements to enter into this Agreement or to perform any Study and will not accept any bribe or illegal inducement or offer any bribe or illegal inducement in the performance of or for the performance of any Study whether during or after the termination or expiry of this Agreement.     1.4 The nineteen million six hundred and forty four thousand Dollars US ($19,644,000) for the Studies shall be due and payable to MD Anderson according to the schedule outlined in Table 2 in Exhibit II. The JSC retains the right to prioritize and replace Studies as necessary subject to Section 1.6.   1.5 The Parties will establish a Joint Steering Committee ("JSC") of equal representation, comprised of three (3) representatives (employees, directors or consultants who are subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations) from each Party, with the representatives of each Party collectively having one vote on all matters to be decided upon by the JSC. Each Party can appoint and replace its representatives in the JSC at its own discretion through timely written notice to the other Party.   1.6 The JSC will have meetings (either in person, by teleconference or via electronic means) at least quarterly. At least one meeting per year will be conducted in person or by videoconference (including the kick-off meeting). The JSC will decide on matters by unanimous vote with each of MD Anderson and Adaptimmune exercising one vote each provided, however, that no action may lawfully be taken at any meeting unless at least two representatives of each Party (including for this purpose any proxy representative appointed as provided below) are present at the meeting.  If a member of the JSC is unable to attend a meeting, he or she may appoint, in writing, a proxy to participate and vote in his or her stead. Decisions may also be made by electronic mail, provided such electronic mail is provided by at least two representatives from Adaptimmune and MD Anderson and such electronic mail is acknowledged to be received by the recipient. Although decision will be made by mutual agreement of the JSC, in the event of any disagreement, ***           .   1.7 The main task of the JSC will be to oversee the Alliance. In order to achieve the objectives of the Alliance, the JSC will oversee each Study under the Alliance. The JSC will provide technical, scientific, clinical, and regulatory guidance to the Studies and will be responsible for monitoring progress of these Studies. Additional representatives can be invited by the JSC on a case by case basis should discussion of certain topics require so, provided that such guests will be subject to an obligation of confidentiality and non-use at least as strict as Section 5 below. In the event a Study is terminated early or does not initiate, the Parties shall promptly replace that Study with a new study similar in scope that is of mutual scientific interest to the Parties. Once agreed by the JSC, such replacement study will be funded by the Alliance Funding and payable in accordance with agreed milestones for such replacement study.

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   3





  1.8 In addition, the JSC will be responsible for coordinating resolution of problems arising in the Studies or in the Alliance as a whole. In the event of any matter to which the JSC cannot reach resolution, or in the event of any dispute arising as to any matter subject to JSC responsibility and save where Adaptimmune has the deciding vote in accordance with Section 1.6 above, such matter or dispute will be escalated to executive management of MD Anderson and Adaptimmune for good faith resolution. Both Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve any matter or dispute on a timely basis.   1.9 MD Anderson represents and certifies that neither MD Anderson nor Principal Investigator will, directly or indirectly, offer or pay, or authorize an offer or payment of, any money or anything of value to any Public Official (defined below) or public entity, with the knowledge or intent that the payment, promise or gift, in whole or in part, will be made in order to improperly influence an official act or decision that will assist Adaptimmune in securing an improper advantage or in obtaining or retaining business or in directing business to any person or entity in relation to the Study.  In addition to other rights or remedies under this Agreement or at law, Adaptimmune may terminate the affected Study Order if MD Anderson breaches any of the representations or certifications contained in this Section or if Adaptimmune learns that improper payments are being or have been made to any Public Official by MD Anderson or Investigator. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Public Official" means any officer or employee of a government, a public international organization or any department or agency thereof, or any person acting in an official capacity, including, for a public agency or enterprise; and any political party or party official, or any candidate for public office. Adaptimmune acknowledges and agrees that MD Anderson is an agency of the State of Texas, and its investigator, employees, and officers do constitute a Public Official, as used in this paragraph, for purposes of this Section. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.9, nothing in this Section shall constitute a limitation on MD Anderson's ability to operate within its legal capacity as an agency of the State of Texas, nor shall anything in this Agreement require MD Anderson to violate any law or to refrain from complying with any law applicable to MD Anderson.     2. Responsibilities and Compliance   2.1 Each Clinical Study shall be subject to review and approval of the Study protocol ("Protocol") as required by MD Anderson's Institutional Review Board ("Institutional Review Board" or "IRB") and/or any relevant authorities prior to commencement of the Study as may be required in order to comply with Applicable Laws.   2.2 The scope of the Study to be performed shall be set forth in the Protocol(s) or workscope referenced in the Study Order, which shall be incorporated by reference into such Study Order. These Protocol(s)/workscope shall be considered final after being agreed to by MD Anderson and Adaptimmune and, for Clinical Studies, including approval by MD Anderson's IRB. The Principal Investigator for a Clinical Study shall submit the Protocol and reports of the ongoing conduct of the Clinical Study to the IRB as required by the IRB, obtain written approval from the IRB, and inform the IRB of Study closure.   2.3 MD Anderson shall and will ensure that each Principal Investigator shall conduct a Study in accordance with (a) the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the relevant Study Order, (b) the provisions of the Protocol or workscope, as applicable, (c) applicable Good Clinical Practice requirements as incorporated by FDA regulations ("GCP"), (d) the ethical principles of the Declaration of Helsinki, as applicable, and (e) any and all applicable orders and mandates of relevant authorities (including the FDA) and IRB, and applicable MD Anderson policies. MD Anderson shall ensure that all persons participating in any Study are either employees of MD Anderson or are under legally binding obligations to MD Anderson requiring performance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and that all persons   4





  conducting any Study are properly trained with respect to their tasks performed for the Study. The Study shall be conducted at MD Anderson. Only Adaptimmune shall be entitled to amend or modify the Protocol, which amendments and modification must be approved by the IRB prior to implementation. Neither MD Anderson or Principal Investigator shall be entitled to amend any Protocol for any Study except as necessary to eliminate any immediate hazard to the safety, rights or welfare of the Study patient or unless required by the IRB. Any deviation from the Protocol must be agreed by Adaptimmune in advance unless necessary to eliminate an apparent immediate hazard to the safety, rights or welfare of any Study patient or unless required by the IRB. MD Anderson will promptly report any known deviation to Adaptimmune.   2.4 MD Anderson and Adaptimmune shall comply with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations as well as ethical codes applicable to the conduct of each such Study ("Applicable Laws") to the extent, in each case, applicable to the relevant performance of a Party's obligations under this Agreement and any Study Order.   2.5  Prior to the enrollment of any patient into any Clinical Study, MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall forward to Adaptimmune evidence of approval of each Clinical Study by MD Anderson's IRB, and with respect to Studies for which MD Anderson serves as "sponsor" within the meaning of such term under Applicable Laws and regulations, evidence of approval of the Study by relevant regulatory authorities (or exemption from such regulatory authority/ies review and approval). MD Anderson shall, as required by Applicable Law, obtain from the IRB written evidence of continuing review and approval of the Study and shall provide evidence of such approval to Adaptimmune.   2.6 If, in the course of any Clinical Study at MD Anderson, a Study subject is injured by such Study subject's participation in the Study, MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall inform Adaptimmune of any such injury by fax or email in case of serious and unexpected  adverse reactions and/or serious and unexpected adverse events arising from the use of Study Drug as soon as reasonably possible and in any event in accordance with the timescales set out in the Protocol,  and/or, if applicable, pregnancies, within the timelines stipulated in the Protocol, or if such is not stipulated in the Protocol, within *** (***) business days following MD Anderson or Principal Investigator becoming aware of such event.   2.7 MD Anderson represents that: (a) it has not been debarred by the FDA pursuant to its authority under Sections 306(a) and (b) of the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C..  335(a) and (b)) and is not the subject of any investigation or proceeding which may result in debarment by the FDA, and to the extent applicable, it shall not use any Principal Investigator or Study team member in the performance of a Study that has been so debarred or subject to any such investigation or proceeding, and; (b) it is not included in the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities (maintained by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General) or the List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Non-procurement maintained by the U.S. General Services Administration, and is not the subject of any investigation or proceeding which may result in inclusion in any such list, and to the extent applicable, it shall not use any Principal Investigator or Study team member in the performance of a Study that is so included or the subject of any such investigation or proceeding. MD Anderson agrees to promptly notify Adaptimmune in writing if it becomes aware of any such debarment, exclusion, investigation or proceeding of MD Anderson or, to the extent applicable, any Principal Investigator.   2.8 MD Anderson and Adaptimmune shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws pertaining to confidentiality, consent and disclosure of all information or records obtained and reviewed in the course of the Study, and shall permit access to such information or records only as authorized by a relevant Study subject, the IRB, and as authorized by law. Each Party agrees to comply with all provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA") regulations (45 C.F.R.

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   5





  Parts 160 and 164) as to the protection and security of Protected Health Information ("PHI") to the extent applicable to a Party. Prior to participation of each subject in a Clinical Study, MD Anderson will ensure that (a) it has obtained a signed written informed consent document from the subject ("Consent") and (b) it has obtained a signed, written, HIPAA authorization that adequately discloses the circumstances under which the subject's personal data might be disclosed, as applicable, and documents the subject's express written authorization for use and disclosure of the subject's PHI for Study purposes, as applicable, pursuant to the HIPAA regulations ("Authorization"). MD Anderson will agree to the contents of any Consent or Authorization provided to any Study patient or prospective Study patient with Adaptimmune prior to use in any Clinical Study. Adaptimmune, Adaptimmune Limited and its Joint Research Partners will only obtain, access, use and disclose the individually identifiable health information of each Study Subject in accordance with and to the extent permitted by the IRB, Consent and the Authorization document and in accordance with this Agreement and Applicable Laws. "Joint Research Partners," for the purposes of this Agreement, means Adaptimmune Limited's strategic collaboration partner, GlaxoSmithKline (including all companies within the GlaxoSmithKline group of companies) but only to the extent and for the duration that GlaxoSmithKline remains a collaboration partner of Adaptimmune or otherwise takes over control of any Study Drug which is the subject of any Study. Adaptimmune shall have in place with its Joint Research Partners a written agreement with terms at least as stringent as those set out in this Agreement in relation to the obtaining, access, use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information under this Section 2.8 or the receipt, access, use and disclosure of MD Anderson Confidential Information under Section 5.   2.9 MD Anderson and Adaptimmune will promptly notify each other upon identifying any aspect of a Protocol, including information discovered during site monitoring visits, or Study results that may adversely affect the safety, well-being, or medical care of the Study subjects, or that may affect the willingness of Study subjects to continue participation in a Study, influence the conduct of the Study, or that may alter the IRB's approval to continue the Study. MD Anderson will promptly notify the IRB of any such events. If the IRB at any time suspends, qualifies or withdraws approval of the Study, MD Anderson shall promptly notify Adaptimmune, provide a reasonable written explanation of the circumstances leading to such suspension, qualification or withdrawal, and cease the treatment of all Study patients as medically appropriate and if required by the IRB. When Study subject safety or medical care could be directly affected by Study results, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, MD Anderson will send Study subjects a written communication about such results. ***         .   2.10 MD Anderson shall not subcontract any of its or the Principal Investigator's responsibilities under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Adaptimmune. Any consent provided under this Section 2.10 shall not enable the relevant sub-contractor to further subcontract its responsibilities to any other third party. MD Anderson shall ensure that any subcontracting is governed by a binding agreement which imposes on the subcontractor obligations and responsibilities substantially equivalent to those set out in this Agreement, to the extent such apply to the subcontracted activity (including obligations of confidentiality and ownership of Inventions). Regardless of any delegation of duties to any subcontractor, MD Anderson remains obligated to fulfill all MD Anderson obligations to Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited hereunder.   3. Personnel, Materials and Equipment

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   6





  3.1 Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, MD Anderson shall provide all necessary personnel, facilities, and resources to accomplish their responsibilities under this Agreement and the relevant Study Order.   3.2 Adaptimmune agrees to promptly provide MD Anderson with the required quantities of the drug or therapy under a Study Order that will be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Protocol or workscope applicable to the Study ("Study Drug"), Alliance Funding applicable to the Study, and/or support services to the extent required for the conduct of a Study as specified in the Protocol or workscope. Any Study Drug provided by Adaptimmune will be used solely for the applicable Study and solely in accordance with the Protocol or workscope for the relevant Study. MD Anderson will not use such Study Drug outside of the scope of the Study. MD Anderson will not transfer or provide unsupervised access to the Study Drug to any third party for any purpose, without the prior written consent of Adaptimmune. MD Anderson acknowledges that the Study Drug is experimental in nature, and shall exercise prudence and reasonable care in its handling, storage, transportation, disposition and containment of the Study Drug and, if applicable, any other Proprietary Materials provided by Adaptimmune.   3.3. Use of Proprietary Materials. From time to time during the Term, either Party (the "Transferring Party") may supply the other Party (the "Receiving Party") with proprietary materials of the Transferring Party (other than Study Drug) ("Proprietary Materials") for use in the Study as may be further listed in the Study Order. In connection therewith, each Receiving Party hereby agrees that: (a) the Receiving Party will not use the Proprietary Materials for any purpose other than exercising its rights or performing its obligations hereunder; (b) it will use such Proprietary Materials only in compliance with all Applicable Laws; (c) it will not transfer any such Proprietary Materials to any third party without the prior written consent of the Transferring Party; (d) it will not acquire any rights of ownership, or title in or to such Proprietary Materials as a result of such supply by the Transferring Party; and (e) upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement or a Study Order, if requested by the Transferring Party, it will destroy or return any such Proprietary Materials   3.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the freedom of MD Anderson or of any Principal Investigator or Study team member or Adaptimmune to engage in similar clinical trials or research performed independently under other grants, contracts, or agreements with parties other than Adaptimmune.   3.5 MD Anderson will obtain, prepare, store and ship all Study patient samples required to be collected and shipped under Protocol for any Clinical Study in accordance with and to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, the Consent, Authorization, the IRB and any applicable Study reference manuals and any reasonable written instructions provided by Adaptimmune. Both Parties shall retain all such samples in accordance with and to the extent permitted by the Consent, Authorization, the IRB and Protocol and only disseminate such samples to third parties to the extent permitted by the Consent and HIPAA Authorization the IRB, Applicable Laws, and the Protocol. Adamptimmune, and service providers for the Study may only use the samples only to the extent permitted by the Consent and HIPAA Authorization documents, the IRB, as necessary to conduct the Study and as permitted by Applicable Laws.   4. Payments   4.1 Payments of Alliance Funding applicable to a Study will be made according to the terms specified in Sections 1.3 and 1.4 above.   5. Confidential Information   7





  5.1  In conjunction with each Study, the Parties may wish to disclose confidential information to each other.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" means confidential, non-public information, know-how and data (technical or non-technical) that is disclosed in writing, orally, graphically, in machine readable form, or in any other manner by or on behalf of a disclosing Party to a receiving Party or its Affiliates for purposes of this Agreement or any Study Order ("Purpose"). Data or Inventions arising in the performance of the Study and which are owned by Adaptimmune will also constitute Confidential Information of Adaptimmune, even where first disclosed by MD Anderson and in each case subject to the publication rights of MD Anderson in Section 12 and subject to Section 7 below. Confidential Information may be disclosed in any form (e.g. oral, written, graphic, electronic or sample) by or on behalf of disclosing Party or its Affiliates, or may be otherwise accessible to receiving Party or its Affiliates. Exchanges of Confidential Information directly between the Affiliates and Joint Research Partners are also covered by this Agreement. "Affiliates" means any individual, company, partnership or other entity which directly or indirectly, at present or in the future, controls, is controlled by or is under common control of a Party, and "control" will mean direct or indirect beneficial ownership of at least fifty per cent (50%) of the voting share capital in such company or other business entity, or to hold the effective power to appoint or dismiss members of the management.   5.2 Without disclosing Party's prior written consent, receiving Party will: (a) not use any part of or the whole of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than the Purpose; (b) restrict the dissemination of Confidential Information to individuals within its own organization and disclose the Confidential Information only to those of its officers, employees and Affiliates and Joint Research Partners who have a legitimate need to have access to the Confidential Information, who will be bound by confidentiality and non-use commitments no less restrictive than those of this Agreement, and who will have been made aware of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information; (c) protect the Confidential Information by using the same degree of care, but not less than a reasonable degree of care, to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination, or publication of the Confidential Information as receiving Party uses to protect its own confidential information of a like nature; (d) preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential Information, not disclose it to any third party, and take all necessary and reasonable precautions to prevent such information from being accessible to any third party; and (f) promptly notify the disclosing Party upon becoming aware of evidence or suspicion of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. The foregoing obligations will exist for a period of *** (***) years from the date of completion of the last Study in relation to which the Confidential Information is disclosed or used.   5.3 The obligations of confidentiality and non-use listed in this Section 5 will not apply to information: (a) which is in the public domain or public knowledge at the time of disclosure, or which subsequently enters the public domain through no fault of receiving Party; (b) which was rightfully in the possession of receiving Party at the time of disclosure by disclosing Party; (c) which is independently developed by receiving Party without use of disclosing Party's Confidential Information; (d) which the receiving Party receives legally from any third party and which is not subject to an obligation of confidentiality; (e) is communicated to the receiving party's IRB or other scientific committee; (f) is required to be disclosed in order to obtain informed consent from patients or subjects who may wish to enroll in the Study, provided, however, that the information will be disclosed only to the extent necessary and will not be provided in answer to unsolicited inquiries by telephone or to individuals who are not eligible to be Study subjects; or (g) is disclosed to a Study subject for the safety or well-being of the Study subject. The receiving Party may also disclose Confidential Information of any other Party where it is required to disclose such pursuant to Applicable Law; provided, however, that receiving Party will make reasonable efforts, if legally permissible, to (i) notify disclosing Party prior to the disclosure of any part of or the whole of the Confidential Information and (ii) allow disclosing Party the opportunity to

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   8





  contest and avoid such disclosure, and provided, further, that receiving Party will disclose only that portion of such Confidential Information that it is legally required to disclose.   5.4 For the purposes of this Section 5, any combination of features disclosed to the receiving Party will not be deemed to be within the foregoing exceptions merely because individual features are. Moreover, specific disclosures made to the receiving Party will not be deemed to be within the foregoing exceptions merely because they are embraced by general disclosures.   5.5 All Confidential Information disclosed to receiving Party pursuant to this Agreement will be and remain the disclosing Party's property. Nothing contained herein will be construed as granting to receiving Party any proprietary right on or in relation to any part of or the whole of the Confidential Information, or any right to use any of the Confidential Information except for the Purpose. Receiving Party will return to disclosing Party all documents and other materials which constitute Confidential Information, as well as all copies thereof, promptly upon request or upon termination of this Agreement (whichever is earlier); provided, however, that receiving Party may keep one copy of the Confidential Information received under this Agreement in its secure files in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for the sole purpose of maintaining a record of the Confidential Information received hereunder and for compliance with this Agreement and/or Applicable Laws.   5.6 Adaptimmune will not require MD Anderson to disclose any Protected Health Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Adaptimmune comes into knowledge or possession of any "Protected Health Information" (as such term is defined under HIPAA) by or through MD Anderson or any information that could be used to identify any Study subject or other MD Anderson patients or research subjects, Adaptimmune will maintain any such Protected Health Information or other information confidential in accordance with laws and regulations as applicable to MD Anderson, including without limitation HIPAA, will use any such Protected Health Information solely to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, the IRB and the Consent/Authorization of the patient/research subject, and will not use or disclose any such Protected Health Information or other information in any manner that would constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws or regulation if such use or disclosure was made by MD Anderson. It is intended that MD Anderson will not disclose any Protected Health Information to Adaptimmune under this Agreement.   5.7 Improper use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by receiving Party is likely to cause substantial harm to disclosing Party. Therefore, in the event of a breach, threatened breach, or intended breach of this Agreement by receiving Party, in addition to any other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity, disclosing Party will be entitled to seek preliminary and final injunctions enjoining and restraining such breach, threatened breach, or intended breach.   6. Clinical Data / Monitoring   6.1 MD Anderson shall maintain complete, accurate and current records with respect to the conduct of any Study as set forth in any Protocol or Study Order, to the extent required by Applicable Laws and regulations ("Study Records"). All Study Records shall be retained by MD Anderson in accordance with and for the time period as is required by Applicable Law. Prior to any disposal of such Study Records, MD Anderson shall give Adaptimmune thirty (30) days' prior written notice thereof to allow Adaptimmune the opportunity to request in writing, within such time frame, that MD Anderson continue to store such Study Records at Adaptimmune's expense. In relation to Clinical Studies, MD Anderson will keep Adaptimmune reasonably informed of the progress of the Study and respond to any reasonable queries of Adaptimmune in relation to such Study promptly. In relation to Pre-Clinical Studies, oral reports or interim written status reports of the progress of the Studies will be provided by the Principal Investigator to Adaptimmune on a regular basis and at least once every *** (***) months during the

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   9





  course of a Study. Significant developments arising out of Studies will be communicated promptly to Adaptimmune. In the context of any Clinical Study, MD Anderson shall timely prepare and submit to Adaptimmune (a) case report forms, as soon as reasonably possible but in any event within *** (***) business days following completion of any Study patient visit; and (b) responses to data resolution queries as soon as reasonably possible and in any event within *** (***) business days following receipt of such query.   6.2 As applicable to and appropriate for a Clinical Study, Adaptimmune may monitor the conduct of a Clinical Study in accordance with Good Clinical Practice requirements of FDA Regulations, and may visit MD Anderson for the purpose of such monitoring. Such monitoring visits shall also enable Adaptimmune to (a) inspect and review any or all Study Records and Study source documents for comparison with case report forms; and (b) audit financial records relating solely to the performance of the Study under this Agreement. During any visit, MD Anderson and Principal Investigator shall reasonably cooperate with Adaptimmune and will use reasonably efforts to promptly provide any reasonably Study Records or Study information requested by Adaptimmune in accordance with this Section. Any such visits shall be scheduled in coordination with MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator during normal administrative business hours, and shall be subject Adaptimmune's and Adaptimmune Limited's compliance with MD Anderson's reasonable measures for confidentiality, safety and security, and shall also be subject to compliance with generally applicable premises rules at MD Anderson.   6.3 MD Anderson and Principal Investigator shall, during a Study, permit inspections by responsible legal and regulatory authorities with respect to such Clinical Study. To the extent permitted by law and to the extent practicable, MD Anderson shall notify Adaptimmune of such inspection and provide Adaptimmune with an opportunity to be present at such inspection (to the extent reasonably possible). MD Anderson shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, inform Adaptimmune of any findings resulting from any such inspection and MD Anderson shall promptly correct any non-conformances or requests for correction identified as a result of such inspection. MD Anderson shall promptly notify Adaptimmune of, and to the extent permitted by law, provide Adaptimmune with copies of, any inquiries, correspondence or communications with any legal or regulatory authority with authority over any Study, to the extent in each case applicable to any Study or the performance of such Study by MD Anderson. Where MD Anderson intends to respond to any such communication, MD Anderson shall provide, to the extent permitted by law, Adaptimmune with a copy of such response and an opportunity to comment on such response (to the extent reasonably practicable) in advance of the due date for the response. MD Anderson will review any comments provided by Adaptimmune in good faith.   6.4 Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 6, to the extent that MD Anderson is the holder of an Investigational New Drug Application ("IND") or other applicable regulatory application or approval for a Study, the provisions of Section 6.2 and 6.3 shall not apply, and MD Anderson shall have the sole responsibility for monitoring, auditing, and reporting for such Study, provided that MD Anderson agrees to reasonably negotiate access to Study documentation and records relevant to the applicable Study Drug and documentation and facilities applicable to the Study upon the request of Adaptimmune and provided that Adaptimmune shall be subject to compliance with MD Anderson's reasonable measures for confidentiality, safety and security, and shall also be subject to compliance with generally applicable premises rules at MD Anderson.   7. Data & Inventions.   7.1 Each Party will retain all right, title and interest in and to its own Background IP and no license to use such Background IP is granted to the other party except for MD Anderson's use of Study Drug in a Study as set forth in Section 3.2 above and in the Protocol and each Party's use of the other Party's

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   10







  Proprietary Material as set forth in Section 3.3 above. "Background IP" means all intellectual property (including rights in Confidential Information) of a Party that: (a) was generated by such Party before the Effective Date; (b) is generated by such Party outside the scope or after expiration of this Agreement or any Study under this Agreement; and in each such case; (c) is owned by such Party, either partially or wholly, or is licensed to, or otherwise controlled by such Party, and which is not an Invention under this Agreement.   7.2 Patient records, research notebooks, all original source documents, Protected Health Information (as such term is defined by HIPAA), MD Anderson's business records, regulatory and compliance documents, original medical records or any information required to be maintained by MD Anderson in accordance with Applicable Laws, that is generated in the conduct of the Studies (collectively, "MD Anderson Records") will be owned by MD Anderson. All results, data and work product (excluding MD Anderson Records) generated in the conduct of the Studies ("Data") shall be owned by Adaptimmune Limited. MD Anderson shall maintain all such Data as confidential, subject to the publication rights granted in Section 12 below. Data will be promptly disclosed by MD Anderson to Adaptimmune in the form of a Study report or as otherwise reasonably requested by Adaptimmune. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, MD Anderson shall have the right to use results and Data of the Study for its internal research, academic, and patient care purposes and for publication in accordance with Section 12 below, save that no right or license is granted to MD Anderson under any of Adaptimmune's Background IP. Adaptimmune shall promptly disclose any Data it generates to MD Anderson.   7.3 MD Anderson will provide to Adaptimmune a detailed written disclosure of each patentable invention and/or discovery (and all intellectual property rights therein) conceived and reduced to practice in the conduct of a Study and arising from the performance of a Study ("Invention") promptly after a written invention disclosure report for such Invention is received by MD Anderson's Office of Technology Commercialization.   7.4 Inventions shall be owned by the Parties in accordance with the following: (a) ***               "Adaptimmune Inventions" shall be the sole property of Adaptimmune Limited.   (b) With respect to any Inventions that are not Adaptimmune Inventions ("Other Inventions"), where made solely by MD Anderson or its employees and agents, such Inventions will be solely owned by MD Anderson; where made jointly by MD Anderson and Adaptimmune and/or Adaptimmune Limited and their employees and agents will be jointly owned by MD Anderson and Adaptimmune Limited. Inventions that are made solely by Adaptimmune, Adaptimmune Limited or its employees and agents will be solely owned by Adaptimmune Limited. Inventorship will be determined in accordance with United States patent law.   7.5  MD Anderson hereby grants Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable royalty-free license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, for any purpose. Such license shall include an unrestricted right to sublicense through multiple tiers. MD Anderson also hereby grants to Adaptimmune Limited an exclusive option to negotiate an

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   11





  exclusive (subject to MD Anderson's perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost right to use such Invention for non-commercial internal research, academic and patient care purposes), royalty-bearing license to any Invention in which MD Anderson has an ownership interest, provided that Adaptimmune Limited pays all reasonably incurred patent expenses for such Invention in the event Adaptimmune Limited exercises its option. Adaptimmune Limited must exercise its option to negotiate a license to any Invention by notifying MD Anderson in writing within six months' of MD Anderson disclosing such Invention to Adaptimmune (the "Option Period").  If Adaptimmune Limited fails to timely exercise its option within the Option Period with respect to any Invention, Adaptimmune Limited's right to negotiate a license agreement with respect to such Invention will automatically terminate, and MD Anderson will be free to negotiate and enter into a license with any other party. If Adaptimmune Limited timely exercises its option, the terms of the license shall be negotiated in good faith within six months of the date such option is exercised, or within such time the parties may mutually agree in writing (the "Negotiation Period"). If, however, Adaptimmune Limited timely exercises its option, but MD Anderson and Adaptimmune Limited are unable to agree upon the terms of the license during the Negotiation Period, Adaptimmune Limited's right to exclusively license such Invention will terminate, and MD Anderson will be free to enter into a license with any other party (subject to the grant of the non-exclusive license above).   7.6. Adaptimmune Limited hereby grants MD Anderson a perpetual, irrevocable, no-cost, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to any Adaptimmune Invention or Other Invention in which Adaptimmune Limited has an ownership interest for MD Anderson's internal non-commercial research, academic and patient care purposes. For clarity the grant of any license under any Invention or assignment of any Invention by either Party does not include any license under any of such Party's Background IP, even where such Background IP dominates or encompasses any Invention.   7.7 As between the Parties, the sole owner of any Invention will have the sole right to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend all U.S. and foreign patents, registrations and other forms of intellectual property in such Invention but nothing herein will obligate the owner to take any such actions. As between the Parties, Adaptimmune will have the first right to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend all U.S. and foreign patents, registrations and other forms of intellectual property in any jointly-owned Invention using patent counsel of its choice that is subject to the written approval of MD Anderson not to be unreasonably withheld and at the sole cost and expense of Adaptimmune, with accounting to MD Anderson.  Adaptimmune will keep MD Anderson reasonably informed of all such material preparations, filings, material prosecution, material maintenance, material enforcement and defense and will consider MD Anderson's recommendations in good faith (provided such recommendations are provided on a timely basis) If Adaptimmune elects not to file in the United States or not to maintain an application or patent arising from any jointly-owned Invention, Adaptimmune will promptly notify MD Anderson within reasonable time for MD Anderson to file, prosecute or maintain such application or patent, and MD Anderson will have the right to file, prosecute or maintain such application or patent, at MD Anderson's expense. MD Anderson will keep Adaptimmune reasonably informed of all such material preparations, material filings, material prosecution, material maintenance, material enforcement and defense it makes in relation to any jointly-owned Invention. The Parties will reasonably cooperate with each other with respect to matters concerning jointly-owned Inventions to the extent reasonably necessary for filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending or enforcing any such patents, registrations and other forms of intellectual property protection. MD Anderson will keep Adaptimmune reasonably informed of any material filings, material prosecution, enforcement and defense patents, new patent applications, material registrations or other forms of intellectual property covering Other Inventions.   7.8 ***

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   12





            .   8. Term and Termination   8.1 The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later,  unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.  In the event of expiration or early termination of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain binding with respect to any ongoing Studies (including any new studies to which any remaining Alliance Funding is allocated under Section 1.3) until completion of the Studies or termination of the respective Study Order/s.   8.2 A Party will have the right to terminate this Agreement if the other Party commits a material breach of the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of receiving notice from the non-breaching Party of such breach.  Any expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect any then existing Study Orders, and any then outstanding Study Orders will continue after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with their respective provisions. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, provisions of this Agreement that are incorporated by reference into any then outstanding Study Orders will survive termination of this Agreement and will continue to apply to such Study Orders until termination or expiration of each such Study Orders in effect at the time this Agreement expires or is terminated.   8.3 A Party may terminate a Study Order: (a) if the other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement or the Study Order and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of receiving notice from the non-breaching Party of such breach; or (b) in the case of any Clinical Studies, due to health and safety concerns related to the Study Drug or procedures in the Study (including regulatory holds due to the health and safety of the Study Subjects); or (c) in the case of MD Anderson and in relation to any Clinical Studies, where IRB requests termination of any Study; or (d) in the case of Adaptimmune, *** set out in Section 1.2 above. The Parties agree that any termination of a Study Order shall allow for: (i) the wind down of the Study to ensure the safety of Study subjects; and (ii) Adaptimmune's final reconciliation of Data related to the Study in addition to Adaptimmune's final monitoring visit. All reasonable fees associated with the wind-down activities and final monitoring visit shall be paid by Adaptimmune, to the extent not covered by Alliance Funding. Termination of one or more Study Orders will not automatically result in the termination of this Agreement or termination of any other Study Orders. Upon termination of a Study Order, MD Anderson will immediately return (at Adaptimmune's cost) any Study Drugs provided by Adaptimmune for such Study as directed by Adaptimmune.   8.4 In case any regulatory or legal authorization necessary for the conduct of the Study is (i) finally rejected or (ii) withdrawn, the relevant Study Order shall terminate automatically at the date of receipt of such final rejection. Termination or cancellation of this Agreement or a Study Order will not affect the rights and obligations of the Parties that have accrued prior to termination, and any provisions of this Agreement or a particular Study Order that by their nature extend beyond expiration or termination will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and/or that particular Study Order. In particular, the provisions of Sections 2-13 as applicable will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   13





  8.5 In the event the Parties cannot reach agreement on a new Principal Investigator pursuant to Section 14.1 or such new Principal Investigator does not agree to the terms of this Agreement and the relevant Study Order, either Party may terminate such Study Order upon notice to the other Party.   8.6 In addition, in order to accommodate the review and approval of this Agreement by the Office of General Counsel of UT System (the "OGC"), for a period of *** (***) days following the Effective Date (the "Limited Unilateral Termination Period"), MD Anderson will have the right to terminate this Agreement without cause upon ten (10) days' notice to Adaptimmune; provided, however, that (i) a termination by MD Anderson will be effective if notice of termination is sent by MD Anderson any time within the Limited Unilateral Termination Period even if the ten day notice period extends beyond the Limited Unilateral Termination Period and (ii) the Limited Unilateral Termination Period will expire on the earlier to occur of (x) the end of the sixty days, or (y) written notice to Adaptimmune from MD Anderson that the Agreement has been approved by the OGC. Should MD Anderson terminate this Agreement in accordance with this Section 8.6 then the Parties will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any Clinical Study in relation to which any patient has been screened or enrolled shall continue under a separate clinical trial agreement to be entered into between the Parties as soon as possible after receipt of notice of termination by Adaptimmune. The terms of such clinical trial agreement shall be in substantially similar form to terms agreed for other clinical trial agreements between the Parties and a separate budget shall be agreed pursuant to such clinical trial agreement.   8.7 For each Study, Adaptimmune shall make all payments due for Study performance reasonably incurred or obligated in good faith hereunder which have accrued up to the date of termination of a Study Order or this Agreement, or, in case of a termination of this Agreement or the relevant Study Order pursuant to Section 8.4, up to the date of receipt of such final rejection.   9. Indemnification   9.1 Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless MD Anderson, System, each Principal Investigator and its/their Regents, trustees, directors, officers, staff, employees, students, faculty members, and its/their affiliates and contracted clients and other parties as may be listed on a Study Order ("Indemnified Party/ies"): (a) from and against any and all liability, claims, lawsuits, losses, demands, damages, costs, and expenses as a result of third party claims or judgments ("Indemnified Losses") resulting from (i) personal injury (including death) to any person or damage to property to the extent arising from the design or manufacture of the Study Drug, and (ii) the use of the Data or results of the Study by or on behalf of Adaptimmune, Adaptimmune Limited or any Joint Research Partner and (iii) Adaptimmune's or Adaptimmune Limited's negligence in connection with a Study or this Agreement; (b) from and against any Indemnified Losses arising from an injury to a Study subject caused by the Study Drug or any procedure required by the Protocol. The completion or termination of a Study shall not affect Adaptimmune's obligation to indemnify with respect to any claim or suit based upon the aforementioned Indemnified Losses.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited will not be responsible for any Indemnified Losses to the extent that they arise from the negligence, intentional misconduct, or malpractice of the Indemnified Parties or of any breach of the terms of this Agreement by any Indemnified Party, it being understood that the proper administration of the Study Drug in accordance with the Protocol (including permitted deviations) shall not constitute negligence, intentional misconduct, or malpractice for the purposes of this Agreement. For clarity, a request for indemnity by any Indemnified Party under this Section 9.1 may only be made against one of Adaptimmune or Adaptimmune Limited.   9.2 To the extent authorized by the constitution and laws of the State of Texas, MD Anderson, agrees indemnify, and hold harmless Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited: (a) from and against any and all

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   14





  Indemnified Losses resulting from any negligent or intentional act or omission of MD Anderson in conducting a Study hereunder; (b) failure of MD Anderson or Principal Investigator to comply with Applicable Laws or to adhere to Protocol; or (c) any use by MD Anderson of the results and Data of the Study outside of the performance of any Study. The completion or termination of a Study shall not affect MD Anderson's obligation to indemnify with respect to any claim or suit based upon the aforementioned Indemnified Losses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, MD Anderson will not be responsible for any Indemnified Losses to the extent that they arise from the negligence, intentional misconduct, or malpractice of Adaptimmune or Adaptimmune Limited or from a breach of Agreement by Adaptimmune or Adaptimmune Limited.   9.3 Subject to the statutory duties of the Texas State Attorney General, any indemnified Party shall: (a) notify the indemnifying Party in writing as soon as is reasonably possible after receipt of notice of any and all claims, lawsuits, and demands, or any action, suit, or proceeding giving rise to the right of indemnification; (b) permit the indemnifying Party to retain counsel to represent the named indemnified Party; and (c) permit the indemnifying Party to retain control of any such claims, lawsuits, and demands, including the right to make any settlement, except that the indemnifying Party shall not make any settlement or take any other action which would be deemed to confess wrongdoing by any of the indemnified Parties without the prior written consent of the applicable indemnified Party.         10. Subject Injury Medical Costs   10.1  Adaptimmune shall assume responsibility for reasonable medical expenses incurred by a Study subject for reasonable and necessary treatment if the Study subject experiences an illness, adverse event or injury that is a result of the Study Drug or any procedure required by the Protocol that the subject would not have undergone were it not for such Study subject's participation in the Study.  Adaptimmune shall not be responsible for expenses to the extent that they are due to pre-existing medical conditions, underlying disease, or the negligence or intentional misconduct or due to breach of this Agreement by MD Anderson or Principal Investigator. Adaptimmune shall have no obligation to make any payments for any Study patient that is not eligible for inclusion in any Protocol. Any payments for such medical expenses shall be subject to Adaptimmune receiving relevant documentation supporting the claim for such medical expenses.   11. Insurance   11.1 During the term of any Study Order under this Agreement, Adaptimmune Limited shall maintain in full force and effect insurance for its and Adaptimmune's liabilities arising from the Study with limits of not less than $*** per loss and $*** annual aggregate. Adaptimmune shall provide MD Anderson with evidence of such insurance upon request.   11.2 MD Anderson is self-insured pursuant to The University of Texas Professional Medical Liability Benefit Plan under the authority of Chapter 59, Texas Education Code. MD Anderson has and will maintain in force during the term of this Agreement adequate insurance or financial resources to cover its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.   12. Publications

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   15





  12.1 Adaptimmune recognizes the value of disseminating research results and accepts that MD Anderson will have the right to publish or otherwise publicly disclose the results and Data of any Study, subject in each case to this Article 12.   12.2 Clinical Studies: In relation to any Clinical Study, Adaptimmune shall have the *** right to publish or publicly disclose any Data or results arising from such Clinical Study including where such publication arises from the submission of data and/or results to the regulatory authorities. Such right to publish shall not include any MD Anderson Records or any public health information protected by HIPAA or where any publication would be in breach of the Consent and/or Authorization. MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall have the right to independently publish or publicly disclose, either in writing or orally, the Data and results of the Clinical Study/ies after the earlier of the (i) first publication (including any multi-site publication) of such Data and/or results; (ii) twelve (12) months after completion of any multi-site study encompassing any Study or if none, six (6) months after completion of Study. MD Anderson shall, at least thirty (30) days ahead of any proposed date for submission, furnish Adaptimmune with a written copy of the proposed publication or public disclosure. Within such thirty (30) day period, Adaptimmune shall review such proposed publication for any Confidential Information of Adaptimmune provided hereunder or patentable Data. Adaptimmune may also comment on such proposed publication and MD Anderson shall consider such comments in good faith during the aforementioned thirty (30) day period. MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall remove Confidential Information of Adaptimmune provided hereunder that has been so identified (other than Data or Study results), provided that Adaptimmune agrees to act in good faith when requiring the deletion of Adaptimmune Confidential Information. In addition Adaptimmune may request delay of publication for a period not to exceed *** (***) days from the date of receipt of request by MD Anderson, to permit Adaptimmune or Adaptimmune Limited or any Joint Research Partner to file patent applications or to otherwise seek to protect any intellectual property rights contained in such publication or disclosure. Upon such request, MD Anderson shall delay such publication until the relevant protection is filed up to a maximum of *** (***) days from date of receipt of request for delay by MD Anderson.   12.3 Pre-Clinical Studies: MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall have the *** right to publish or publicly disclose, either in writing or orally, the Data and results of the Pre-Clinical Study/ies and shall have the sole determination of the authorship and contents, provided that MD Anderson or Principal Investigator, as applicable, shall provide Adaptimmune with a copy of any such proposed publication at least thirty (30) days prior to submission for publication. Within such thirty (30) day period, Adaptimmune shall review such proposed publication for any Confidential Information of Adaptimmune provided hereunder or patentable Data. Adaptimmune may also comment on such proposed publication and MD Anderson shall consider such comments in good faith during the aforementioned thirty (30) day period. MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall remove Confidential Information of Adaptimmune provided hereunder that has been so identified (other than Data or Study results), provided that Adaptimmune agrees to act in good faith when requiring the deletion of Adaptimmune Confidential Information. In addition Adaptimmune may request delay of publication for a period not to exceed *** (***) days from the date of receipt of request by MD Anderson, which delay may be for any reason including but not limited to permit Adaptimmune or Adaptimmune Limited or any Joint Research Partner to file patent applications or to otherwise seek to protect any intellectual property rights contained in such publication or disclosure. Upon such request, MD Anderson shall delay such publication up to a maximum of *** (***) days from date of receipt of request for delay by MD Anderson or, if earlier, where the reason is for the filing of a patent application or other intellectual property right..   12.4  MD Anderson and/or Principal Investigator shall give Adaptimmune acknowledgment for its sponsorship of a Study in all applicable Study publications. Authorship and acknowledgements for

***  Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   16





  scientific publications shall be consistent with the principles embodied in the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors ("ICMJE") Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts.   12.5 The "sponsor" of a Study, within the regulatory meaning of such term, shall register the Study if required by, and in accordance with, Section 801 of the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 on www.clinicaltrials.gov and on any other database required by laws or regulations in accordance with applicable standards regarding scope, form and content and in accordance with ICMJE guidelines such that the Study will be eligible for publication in those publications.   12.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Adaptimmune or any of its Affiliates from complying with any obligations it has to make disclosure under Applicable Laws or under the rules of any security exchange or listing authority applicable to it.   13. Use of Name/Public Statements/ Press Release/ Disclosure   13.1 Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Party agrees that it will not at any time during the term of this Agreement or following termination of this Agreement use any name of the other Party or any other names, insignia, mark(s), symbol(s), or logotypes associated with the other Party or any variant or variants thereof in any advertising, or promotional materials without the prior written consent of the other Party.   13.2 Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, to the extent required by law or regulation, or to the extent necessary for MD Anderson or Adaptimmune for the recruitment of subjects to any Study hereunder, the Parties agree to make no public presentations about any Study conducted under this Agreement, and to issue no news releases about any Study, without the prior written consent of the other Party (provided that this statement shall not apply to any information already in the public domain). Any advertisements directed at recruitment of study subjects for a Study must comply with all Applicable Laws, rules and regulations (including the need for IRB review), the confidentiality obligations herein, and shall not include the trademarked insignia, symbol(s), or logotypes, or any variant or variants thereof, of the other Party. Except as required by law or for regulatory purposes, neither Party will use the name (including trademark or other identifier) of the other Party or such other Party's employee or staff member (except in an acknowledgment of sponsorship) in publications, advertising, press releases (except as permitted below in Section 13.3) or for any other commercial purpose without the written approval of the other Party. Adaptimmune will not state or imply in any publication, advertisement, or other medium that any product or service bearing any of Adaptimmune's names or trademarks and/or manufactured, sold or distributed by Adaptimmune has been tested, approved, or endorsed by MD Anderson. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Party and its researchers and employees will have the right, to acknowledge the other Party and its involvement with a Study in scientific or academic publications describing the Study or reporting the results of the Study.   13.3. The Parties agree to have a joint press release after the Effective Date, to be issued at a time mutually agreed by the Parties but in any event within 30 days of Effective Date. The text of such press release is set out at Exhibit IV to this Agreement. Any press release by either Party relating to this Agreement, the Alliance, or any Study shall require the prior review and written approval of the other Party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned unless such press release is required to be issued by a Party to the extent required by it to comply with its legally required obligation to any securities exchange on which it is listed.   13.4 Either Party may use the name of the other Party in any document filed with any governmental authority or regulatory agency applicable to a Study, and to comply with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Further, each Party is permitted to disclose the other Party's name, the title of   17





  the Study, the name of the Principal Investigator, and an overall Study budget amount projected to be paid/actual total amount paid for conducting the Study, provided that this information is presented together as part of mandatory disclosure in accordance with and to the extent required Applicable Law.   14. Principal Investigator   14.1 If a designated Principal Investigator is terminated from a Study, or in the event of the death or other non-availability of the Principal Investigator, MD Anderson shall use reasonable efforts to designate a duly qualified person to act as new Principal Investigator, subject to the reasonable agreement of Adaptimmune. If the Parties are unable to agree on a new Principal Investigator or if the new Principal Investigator is unwilling to agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the relevant Study Order, either Party shall be entitled to terminate the respective Study Order in accordance with Section 8.5.   15. General Provisions   15.1 Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED,  CONCERNING THE RESULTS OF ANY STUDY OR THE STUDY DRUG,  OR OF THE MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF SUCH DATA, RESULTS OR STUDY DRUG. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY AS A RESULT OF PERFORMANCE OF ANY STUDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. ADAPTIMMUNE REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT EACH STUDY DRUG HEREUNDER SHALL HAVE BEEN MANUFACTURED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CURRENT GOOD MANUFACTURING PRACTICES IN THE UNITED STATES AND THAT AS AT THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT IT HAS NOT RECEIVED ANY CLAIM THAT USE OF ANY STUDY DRUG IN THE PERFORMANCE OF A STUDY WOULD INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. ADAPTIMMUNE REPRESENTS THAT AS AT THE EFFECTIVE DATE TO ITS KNOWLEDGE THERE ARE NO KNOWN DEFECTS IN ANY STUDY DRUG;  ADAPTIMMUNE UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DEVELOPMENT AND DISSEMINATION OF SCIENTIFIC KNOWLEDGE IS A FUNDAMENTAL COMPONENT OF MD ANDERSON'S MISSION, AND THAT MD ANDERSON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR GUARANTEES WITH RESPECT TO ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS OF THE STUDIES.   15.2 Assignment. This Agreement and/or any Study Order may not be assigned by either Party except as agreed upon in writing by the other Party. Any assignment or attempt to assign, or any delegation or attempt to delegate, not in accordance with this Section shall be void and without effect. For any permitted assignment, the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon their permitted successors and assigns.   15.3 Independent Contractors. MD Anderson and Adaptimmune shall be independent parties and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or implied to create an agency or partnership. No Party shall have the authority to agree to or incur expenses on behalf of another except as may be expressly authorized by this Agreement or a Study Order.   15.4 Notices. Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement by one of the Parties hereto to the other shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made for all purposes on the date of mailing by certified mail, postage prepaid, overnight courier service, and/or fax to be followed by mailed original addressed to such other Party at its respective address as referenced in the Study Order.   18





  15.5 Severability. If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.   15.6 Entirety. This Agreement (including its Exhibits and Appendices) represents the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and it expressly supersedes all previous written and oral communications between the Parties.  No amendment, alteration, or modification of this Agreement or any Study Orders attached hereto shall be valid unless executed in writing by authorized signatories of all Parties.   15.7 Waiver. The failure of any Party hereto to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this Agreement or to exercise any right hereunder will not constitute a waiver of that provision or right.   15.8 Force Majeure. In the event that performance of the obligations of a Party hereunder are prevented by events beyond their reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, regulations or acts of any governmental authority, war, civil commotion, strikes, or other labor disturbances, epidemics, fire, earthquakes, storms or other catastrophes of a similar nature ("Force Majeure"), the affected Party will promptly notify the other Party of such event using the procedure defined herein, and the Parties shall be relieved of their respective obligations hereunder to the extent that the performance of such obligations is actually prevented thereby. During the existence of any such condition, the affected Party shall, nevertheless, use its best efforts to remove the cause thereof and resume performance of its obligations hereunder. The period of performance shall be extended for the Party who is unable to perform due to Force Majeure reasons by a period of time equal to the length of the period during which the Force Majeure reason exists or for a longer period if required to meet the requirements of the Study Protocol.   15.9 Counterparts. It is understood that this Agreement may be executed in one or more counterpart copies, each of equal dignity, which when joined, shall together constitute one Agreement. In the event of execution by exchange of facsimile or electronic signed copies, the Parties agree that, upon being signed by both Parties, this Agreement shall become effective and binding and that facsimile or .pdf signed copies will constitute evidence of this Agreement.   15.10 Export Control. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, it is understood that the Parties are subject to, and shall comply with, applicable United States laws, regulations, and governmental requirements and restrictions controlling the export of technology, technical data, computer software, laboratory prototypes, and other commodities, information and items (individually and collectively, "Technology and Items"), including without limitation, the Arms Export Control Act, the Export Administration Act of 1979, relevant executive orders, and United States Treasury Department embargo and sanctions regulations, all as amended from time to time ("Restrictions") and that the Parties' obligations hereunder are contingent on compliance with applicable Restrictions.   15.11 Choice of Law. Any disputes or claims arising under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas. MD Anderson is an agency of the State of Texas and under the constitution and the laws of the State of Texas possesses certain rights and privileges, is subject to certain limitations and restrictions, and only has such authority as is granted to it under the constitution and laws of the State of Texas. Notwithstanding any provision hereof, nothing in this Agreement is intended to be, nor will it be construed to be, a waiver of the sovereign immunity of the State of Texas or a prospective waiver or restriction of any of the rights, remedies, claims, and privileges of the State of Texas. Moreover, notwithstanding the generality or specificity of any provision hereof, the provisions of this Agreement as they pertain to MD Anderson are enforceable only to the extent authorized by the constitution and laws of the State of Texas; accordingly, to the extent any provision hereof conflicts with the constitution or laws   19





  of the State of Texas or exceeds the right, power or authority of MD Anderson to agree to such provision, then that provision will not be enforceable against MD Anderson or the State of Texas.     [Signatures of Following Page]   20







  In witness whereof, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives to be effective as of the Effective Date.                 The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center



  Adaptimmune LLC                                                   Date:   9/23/16







  Date:   23  September 2016

                          /s/ Chris McKee







  /s/ Helen Tayton-Martin   Name Chris McKee, M.H.A



  Name Helen Tayton-Martin   Title: VP. Business Operations



  Title: Authorized Signatory                     Adaptimmune Limited







                        Date:   23  September 2016















                        /s/ James Noble











Name James Noble







Title: CEO







  21



rd

rd





  Exhibit I      ***   ***

*** ***                                   ***     ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.





22





  ***   ***                      ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***           ***   ***





              ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   23





  *** ***   ***     .     ***   .   ***                   .     ***   .   ***       .   ***           .     *** .   ***   ***         .     ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   24









  ***       ***:                ***   *** *** ***

*** ***

*** *** ***

*** *** ***

***











  ***   ***   ***   ***   ***







  ***











*** *** ***

***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***





*** ***

***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***







***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***







*** ***

***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***







*** ***

***   ***   ***   ***



  ***   ***





*** ***





  ***   ***











*** ***







  ***











*** ***:

***

    ***:           ***   *** ***

***

***   ***   ***   *** *** ***

***   ***

*** ***

***     ***   ***   ***   ***   ***:



  ***       *** .   ***





  .   ***   ***   ***       .     ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   25





    ***       .     ***                 .   ***           :  ***  ***  ***  ***    ***   ***     .     *** ***               .   ***   :   ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   26





  ***    ***  ***  ***   .   ***   .   ***     .     *** ***   .   ***   .   ***     .   ***   .   *** ***     .   ***       .   ***   .   ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   27





  ***   ***     :    ***   .   o ***   .   o ***   .    ***   .   o ***   .   o ***   .   o ***     .    ***       .    ***   .   ***   ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   28





  ***     .   *** ***     :    ***  ***  ***  ***     ***     .   ***   *** ***   .   ***   1. *** 2. ***   .   3. *** 4. *** 5. *** .   6. ***   7. ***   ***   .   *** ***   ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   29





  ***       .   ***     .                                                                                                 ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.





30





     ***   ***           ***   ***:       ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   31





     ***   ***       ***:   ***: ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   32





  ***   ***                                                                                                       ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   33





  ***   ***:   ***: ***                                                                                                   ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   34





  ***   ***                                                                                                         ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   35





  ***   ***:   ***:***                                                                                                   ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   36





  ***   ***                                                                                                         ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   37





  ***                                                                                                               ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   38









  Exhibit II Table 1          Clinical Study (excluding screening and long term follow- up studies)

Study Start Date

***   ***











  ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***   ***





***   ***   ***   ***   ***





***   ***   ***   ***   ***





***   ***   ***



  ***   ***       Table 2-Payment Schedule   Clinical Studies (total funding US$13,374,000):             Milestone   Payment amount (US$)   Date on which Payment can be invoiced.   Effective Date   ***   On expiry of Limited Unilateral Termination Period   Enrollment of *** Patients in a Cl in ica l  S tudy   (exc lud ing screening and long term follow- up studies)

***   On notification to Adaptimmune that ***  patient is eligible and has been enrolled.

Enrollment of *** Patients in a Cl in ica l  S tudy   (exc lud ing screening and long term follow- up studies)

***   On notification to Adaptimmune that ***  patient is eligible and has been enrolled.

Enrollment of *** Patients in a Cl in ica l  S tudy   (exc lud ing screening and long term follow- up studies)

***   On notification to Adaptimmune that ***  patient is eligible and has been enrolled.

Enrollment of *** Patients in a Cl in ica l  S tudy   (exc lud ing screening and long term follow- up studies)

***   On notification to Adaptimmune that ***  patient is eligible and has been enrolled.

Enrollment of *** Patients in a Cl in ica l  S tudy   (exc lud ing screening and long term follow- up studies)

***   On notification to Adaptimmune that ***  patient is eligible and has been enrolled.

Total  A l l iance  Funding payable:

13,374,000





  Pre-clinical Studies (total funding $6,270,000, including indirect costs of US$***):

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the

th

th

th

th

th





Commission.   39





          Milestone   Payment amount (US$)   Date on which Payment can be invoiced.   Effective Date   ***     .

On expiry of Limited Unilateral Termination Period

Completion of each analysis of *** patient samples for *** (Pre-clinical Study 1)

***   Completion of analysis of  samples for *** patients, up to a maximum payment of US$*** and provision of results of such analysis to Adaptimmune. (Max. *** patients)   Completion of each analysis of *** patient samples arising from *** (Pre-clinical Study 2)

***   Completion of analysis of  samples for 50 patients, up to a maximum payment of US$*** and provision of results of such analysis to Adaptimmune. (Max. *** patients)   Completion of each analysis of *** patient samples arising from the *** and additional *** Study (Pre-clinical Study 3)

***   Completion of analysis of  samples for *** patients, up to a maximum payment of US$*** and provision of results of such analysis to Adaptimmune. (max. *** patients)

TOTAL Alliance Funding payable:

6,270,000





    For clarity: milestones and payments of Alliance Funding shall only be payable once the milestones set out above have been met by MD Anderson. There shall be no obligation on Adaptimmune to make such payments where any such milestones have not been met; and no payments of Alliance Funding will be due until expiry of Limited Unilateral Termination Period.   All payments will be paid by Adaptimmune within 45 days of receipt of an invoice from MD Anderson. Such invoice shall be addressed to Adaptimmune and sent by electronic mail to accounts@adaptimmune.com with copies to lini.pandite@adaptimmune.com and susan cousounis@adaptimmune.com for Clinical Study payments and with copies to Samik.basu@adaptimmune.com in relation to Pre-clinical Study payments.   Payments will be made by Adaptimmune to The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center: The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center P.O. Box 4390 Houston, Texas 77210-4390   Or if payment is made by wire transfer, wired to the following:   *** *** *** *** *** *** ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   40





  *** ***

*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.   41





  Exhibit III   STRATEGIC COLLABORATION AGREEMENT - STUDY ORDER       This Study Order ("Study Order"), effective as of the ___ day of ______("Effective Date" of Study Order), is entered into by and between The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, with a place of business located at 1515 Holcombe Blvd., Houston, TX 77030, USA ("MD Anderson"), a member institution of The University of Texas System ("System"); Adaptimmune Limited with a place of business at 101 Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 4RY; and Adaptimmune LLC, with a place of business located at  2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 1903, USA ("Adaptimmune")  (MD Anderson and Adaptimmune each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties"). This Study Order is a part of, and is subject to, the terms and conditions of the Strategic Collaboration Agreement entered into between MD Anderson and Adaptimmune dated August ___ 2015 ("Agreement").   1. The Parties enter into this Study Order in connection with:   the [Pre-Clinical or Clinical]] Study entitled __________________, to be conducted pursuant   for Clinical: to Protocol No. [Insert Protocol number] as attached hereto and incorporated herein.   for Preclinical: to the workscope attached as Appendix A   2. _______ is the Principal Investigator (as defined in the Agreement) for the Study which will be conducted at MD Anderson.   3. Study Drug for the above referenced Study is ________________.   4. The parties may further exchange the following Proprietary Materials (other than Study Drug) with each other in connection with the Study: _________ being provided by [Insert name of providing party] _________ being provided by [Insert name of providing party]   5. Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.       7. Notices.   Any notice or other formal communication related to this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed given only if: (a) delivered in person; or (b) sent by internationally recognized overnight delivery service or air courier guaranteeing next day delivery. Until a change of address is communicated, as provided below, all notices and other communications must be sent to the Parties at the following addresses or facsimile numbers:   If to MD Anderson:   The University of Texas   42





  M. D. Anderson Cancer Center Attn: Vice President, Strategic Industry Ventures 1515 Holcombe Boulevard, Box 1643 Houston, TX 77030   With a copy to:   The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center Legal ServicesUnit 1674 PO Box 301407 Houston, Texas 77230-1407 Attn: Chief Legal Officer   And to:     [insert investigator information]   If to Adaptimmune:   [To Be Added]   With a copy to:   [To Be Added]   12.2 All notices will be effective and will be deemed delivered: (a) if by personal delivery, delivery service or courier, on the date of delivery; and (b) if by electronic facsimile communication, on the date of transmission of the communication. Either Party may change its notice address by sending notice of the change to the other Party in the manner set forth above.     8. Specific superseding terms: N/A.   In witness whereof, the Parties hereto have caused this Study Order to be executed by their duly authorized representatives to be effective as of the Effective Date.            The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center



  Adaptimmune LLC

                                                Date:







  Date:





  43





                                     Name



  Name   Function:



  Function:                     Adaptimmune Limited







                        Date:













                                        Name







Title:







            READ AND UNDERSTOOD:   I confirm that I have received a copy of the Agreement under which this Study Order is issued, and that I have read and understand the Agreement and this Study Order.                  Principal Investigator







                                                Date:



















Name

  44





  EXHIBIT IV   45





  DRAFT RELEASE   MD Anderson Cancer Center and Adaptimmune Form Strategic Alliance to Advance Development of Immunotherapies Targeting Multiple Cancers   PHILADELPHIA, and HOUSTON, U.S.A. and OXFORD, UK, September XX, 2016  Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (Nasdaq: ADAP), a leader in T-cell therapy to treat cancer, and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center announced today that they have entered into a multi-year strategic alliance designed to expedite the development of novel adoptive T-cell therapies for multiple types of cancer.   The alliance pairs MD Anderson's preclinical and clinical teams with Adaptimmune's scientists and proprietary SPEAR (Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor) T-cell technology platform, which enables Adaptimmune to identify targets expressed on solid and hematologic cancers and to develop affinity enhanced T-cell receptors (TCRs) with optimal potency and specificity against them.   The teams will collaborate in a number of areas including preclinical and clinical development of Adaptimmune's SPEAR T-cell therapies targeting MAGE-A10 and future clinical stage first and second generation SPEAR T-cell therapies such as MAGE-A4 across a number of cancers, including bladder, lung, ovarian, head and neck, melanoma, esophageal and gastric cancers. The alliance will also drive research and development of other new SPEAR TCR therapies to targets in other tumor types such as breast cancers and facilitate clinical study participation by MD Anderson in other Adaptimmune trials. Access to MD Anderson's tumor repository will guide further target selection and clinical trial design, while its cancer immunology cores and expertise in performing translational medicine studies may help optimize the efficacy and safety of SPEAR T-cell therapies.   "At MD Anderson, we are focused on providing the best possible care for cancer patients, including implementing important new technologies and treatment modalities," said Elizabeth Mittendorf, M.D., Ph.D., associate professor of Breast Surgical Oncology.   David Hong, M.D., associate professor of Investigational Cancer Therapeutics at MD Anderson added, "It is our hope this alliance will allow us to address numerous solid tumors and augment the patient's immune system, directing it against tumors based on their specific molecular makeup."   "We believe that this strategic alliance will provide a strong partnership for the development of multiple new first and subsequent generation SPEAR T-cell therapies against many intractable solid tumors in our near-term clinical programs," commented Rafael Amado, Adaptimmune's chief medical officer. "It will also generate invaluable data from patient samples that will help us understand these therapies and design the next generation of studies. We are very proud to form this alliance with the outstanding team of cancer immunologists at MD Anderson, and are confident that together we can move these novel immunotherapeutic candidates forward for patients who are fighting a variety of cancers."   About MD Anderson   The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston ranks as one of the world's most respected centers focused on cancer patient care, research, education and prevention. The institution's sole mission is to end cancer for patients and their families around the world. MD Anderson is one of only 45 comprehensive cancer centers designated by the National Cancer Institute (NCI). MD Anderson is ranked No.1 for cancer care in U.S. News & World Report's "Best Hospitals" survey. It has ranked as one of the nation's top two hospitals since the survey began in 1990, and has ranked first for nine of the   46





  past 10 years. MD Anderson receives a cancer center support grant from the NCI of the National Institutes of Health (P30 CA016672).   About Adaptimmune   Adaptimmune is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on novel cancer immunotherapy products based on its SPEAR (Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor) T-cell platform. Established in 2008, the company aims to utilize the body's own machinery - the T-cell - to target and destroy cancer cells by using engineered, increased affinity TCRs as a means of strengthening natural patient T-cell responses. Adaptimmune's lead program is a SPEAR T-cell therapy targeting the NY-ESO cancer antigen. Its NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell therapy has demonstrated signs of efficacy and tolerability in Phase 1/2 trials in solid tumors and in hematologic cancer types, including synovial sarcoma and multiple myeloma. Adaptimmune has a strategic collaboration and licensing agreement with GlaxoSmithKline for the development and commercialization of the NY-ESO TCR program. In addition, Adaptimmune has a number of proprietary programs. These include SPEAR T-cell therapies targeting the MAGE-A10 and AFP cancer antigens, which both have open INDs, and a further SPEAR T-cell therapy targeting the MAGE-A4 cancer antigen that is in pre-clinical phase with IND acceptance targeted for 2017. The company has identified over 30 intracellular target peptides preferentially expressed in cancer cells and is currently progressing 12 through unpartnered research programs. Adaptimmune has over 250 employees and is located in Oxfordshire, U.K. and Philadelphia, USA. For more information: http://www.adaptimmune.com   Forward-Looking Statements   This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA). These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, and include, without limitation: the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials and our ability to successfully advance our TCR therapeutic candidates through the regulatory and commercialization processes. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to our business in general, we refer you to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 8, 2016, and our other SEC filings. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date the statements were made and we do not undertake any obligation to update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.   Adaptimmune Contacts   Will Roberts Vice President, Investor Relations T: (215) 825-9306 E: will.roberts@adaptimmune.com   Margaret Henry Head of PR T: +44 (0)1235 430036 Mobile: +44 (0)7710 304249   47





  E: margaret.henry@adaptimmune.com   MD Anderson Contact:   Ron Gilmore Rlgilmore1@mdanderson.org Phone: 713-745-1898   48
Exhibit 10d-2

                               RESELLER AGREEMENT

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                                PIVX CORPORATION

                                       AND

                               DETTO TECHNOLOGIES

This Reseller Agreement is entered as of this ___ day of _________, 2004 ("Effective Date") by and between PivX Corporation, a California corporation, having its principal place of business at 23 Corporate Plaza Drive, Newport Beach, California, 92661 ("PivX") and Detto Technologies, a Washington corporation, having its principal place of business at 14320 NE 21st Street, Suite 11, Bellevue, Washington, 98007 ("Detto").

NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. GRANT OF RIGHTS

1.1 LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PivX hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and any documentation supporting Qwik-Fix Pro provided from time to time by PivX (the "Documentation") within North America, solely to third parties to whom Detto licenses Qwik-Fix Pro ("Third Parties"), and as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A (PivX/Detto Reseller Agreement Addendum). PivX also hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and the Documentation outside of North America, solely to Third Parties and as governed by the terms in Exhibit A. Detto shall have no right to reproduce Qwik-Fix Pro or any part thereof. All copies of Qwik-Fix Pro distributed by Detto shall be distributed pursuant to PivX's current Enterprise License Agreement, as amended by PivX from time to time (the "License"), a copy of which PivX will provide Detto. Detto shall not distribute Qwik-Fix Pro to any Third Party unless the Third Party has accepted the terms of PivX's current License under penalty of perjury and in writing.

1.2 OWNERSHIP. As between PivX and Detto, PivX owns and retains all right, title, and interest in and to Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation; all trademarks, service marks or trade names associated with Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation (the "Trademarks"); all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights therein (collectively, together with Qwik-Fix Pro, Documentation, and Trademarks, the "Property"). Except as expressly granted herein, PivX does not grant to Detto any right or license, either express or implied, in Qwik-Fix Pro, Documentation or Property. Detto shall not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from Qwik-Fix Pro.

1.3 PIVX CHANNELNET. PivX grants Detto access to PivX ChannelNet as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.

2. DETTO'S OBLIGATIONS

2.1 DETTO'S MARKETING; PUBLIC RELATIONS. Detto obligations for marketing and public relations are governed under the terms in Exhibit A.

2.2 TRADEMARKS; PROPERTY. During the term of this Agreement, Detto shall have the right to use and reproduce the Trademarks in connection with Detto's marketing, advertising, promotion and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro. Detto's use of the Trademarks shall not create any right, title or interest therein. Detto shall use the Trademarks only in a manner which complies in all material respects with PivX's reasonable policies in effect from time to time, and all

                                       1

such use shall be for PivX's benefit. Detto shall not remove, obscure or alter PivX's copyright notice or the Trademarks from Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation. If Detto, in the course of distributing Qwik-Fix Pro, acquires any goodwill or reputation in any of the Trademarks, all such goodwill or reputation shall automatically be transferred to and shall vest in PivX when and as, on an on-going basis, such acquisition of goodwill or reputation occurs, as well as at the expiration or termination of this Agreement, without any separate payment or other consideration of any kind to Detto, and Detto agrees to take all such actions necessary to effect such vesting. Detto shall not contest the validity of any of the Property or PivX's exclusive ownership of them. Detto shall not adopt, use, or register, whether as a corporate name, trademark, service mark or other indication of origin, any of the Trademarks, or any word or mark confusingly similar to the Trademarks in any jurisdiction.

2.3 SUPPORT FOR QWIK-FIX PRO. Detto shall provide for all customer support for Qwik-Fix Pro that it resells as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.

2.4 COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS. Detto shall comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Detto's marketing and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Detto shall, at its own expense, make, obtain, and maintain in force at all times during the term of this Agreement, all filings, registrations, licenses, permits and authorizations





in North America required for Detto to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

2.5 SECURITY ISSUES. Detto shall take all action necessary to ensure that (a) Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation on Detto's servers or computer systems is appropriately secured so that Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation can only be viewed, copied, or utilized by licensed Third Parties; and (b) that the object code of the Courseware can only be accessed by employees authorized by PivX and cannot be copied or downloaded by any of Detto's licensees or by any other third party. In addition, Detto shall make its offices and equipment available in person, upon reasonable notice, and to the extent feasible, remotely, to PivX to inspect and test Detto's physical and technical set-up to ensure that Detto is complying with its obligations under this Section. Detto agrees to indemnify and hold PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that Detto breaches its obligations under this Section 2.5.

2.6 PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Detto shall cooperate without charge (provided that PivX will reimburse out of pocket expenses as agreed in advance in writing), in PivX's efforts to protect PivX's rights in the Property. Detto shall promptly notify PivX of any infringements of PivX's Property Rights that come to Detto's attention. PivX shall have the exclusive right to institute infringement or other appropriate legal action against alleged infringers of its Property Rights. PivX shall incur all expenses in connection therewith and shall retain all monetary recoveries received therefrom.

2.7 NO EXCESS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES. Detto covenants that it shall not make any representations or warranties with respect to Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation in excess of those provided by PivX herein. Detto agrees to indemnify and hold PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that Detto breaches its covenant under this Section 2.7.

2.8 FULFILLMENT OF DETTO'S OBLIGATIONS. Detto covenants that it will fulfill all of its contractual and legal obligations to its customers. Detto covenants that it will (a) provide its customers with first quality sales and technical support with respect to any copies or licenses of Qwik-Fix Pro sold by Detto, (b) promptly, courteously and appropriately respond to its customers questions, concerns and complaints, and (c) generally deal with its customers in a professional manner that shall add to the good reputation of Detto and PivX. To the extent that Detto fails to fulfill its contractual and legal obligations to its customers, Detto agrees that PivX may elect to fulfill those obligations, or any portion of them, and Detto shall reimburse PivX any costs and expenses so incurred by PivX. Detto agrees to indemnify and hold PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that it breaches any of its covenants under this Section 2.8.

2.9 U.S. GOVERNMENT - RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Detto covenants to require its customers to accept a click-wrap agreement that, among other things, provides that Qwik-Fix Pro and accompanying documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer Software" and "commercial computer Software documentation,"

                                       2

respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction release, performance, display or disclosure of Qwik-Fix Pro and accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government shall be governed solely by the terms of the Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

2.10 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT. Detto will engage in future business development with PivX as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.

2.11 SALES FORECASTING; SALES METRICS; SALES REPORTING. Detto will provide sales forecasting, sales metrics and sales reporting to PivX as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.

3. PRICE AND PAYMENT; SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY

3.1 SUGGESTED THIRD PARTY PRICES. Third Party prices are governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.

3.2 PER COPY FEES. Detto shall pay to PivX for each unit of Qwik-Fix Pro distributed hereunder per copy fees (the "Per Copy Fees") as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. In the event that PivX changes the Third Party prices, Per Copy Fees based on such changed prices shall apply to any order for Qwik-Fix Pro received by PivX after the effective date of the increase. PivX shall provide Detto with at least forty-five (45) days written notice of any increase in the Per Copy Fees.

3.3 PAYMENT. All payments to PivX shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt by Detto of the PivX's invoice. Detto shall pay PivX a late charge on outstanding amounts due equal to one and one-half percent (1.50%) per month or the maximum amount allowed by law, whichever is less. All payments shall be made in United States Dollars, free of any withholding tax and of any currency control or other restrictions to PivX. PivX shall have the right, at reasonable times and on reasonable notice, to inspect and audit the books and records of Detto to verify the accuracy of any statements. In the event that such an inspection discloses any error of any amount, the parties shall by appropriate payment promptly adjust for the error. If Detto fails to make payments when due, PivX shall be entitled to, in its sole discretion, to take any one or more of the following: (a) place Detto on credit hold, in which case, PivX may cease to fulfill Detto's orders to any new Third Parties; (b) rescind Detto's right to sell or distribute any additional Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation hereunder; and (c) to require that Detto direct all future payments, for licenses sold in the past or in the future, from the Third Parties directly to PivX or a lock box or





an account designated by PivX for such purpose, to be applied by PivX to the payment default (and interest thereon) until such defaults have been satisfied. All amounts received by PivX hereunder shall be nonrefundable except for any payments received or held under PivX's control pursuant to clause "c" of the last sentence after Detto's payment default has been satisfied.

3.4 TAXES, TARIFFS, FEES. PivX's Suggested Prices and Per Copy Fees do not include any national, state or local sales, use, value added or other taxes, customs duties, or similar tariffs and fees which may be required to be paid or collected upon the delivery of Qwik-Fix Pro or upon collection of the prices for Qwik-Fix Pro or the Per Copy Fees. Should any tax or levy be made, Detto agrees to pay such tax or levy and indemnify PivX against any claim for such amount. Detto represents and warrants to PivX that all Qwik-Fix Pro acquired hereunder is for redistribution in the ordinary course of Detto's business, and Detto agrees to provide PivX with appropriate resale certificate numbers and other documentation satisfactory to the applicable taxing authorities to substantiate any claim of exemption from any such taxes or fees.

3.5 SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY. PivX shall electronically deliver Qwik-Fix Pro to Detto. Detto shall inspect all software delivered to it, upon receipt and shall, within 10 days of receipt, give written notice to PivX of any claim of damage or missing portions. Should Detto fail to give such notice, or fail to obtain an extension of such 10-day period from PivX, the packages shall be deemed to be accepted by Detto. PivX will reasonably accommodate Detto's request to replace its master copy of software that becomes corrupted or damaged. Detto shall contractually require its Third Parties to report any claim of damage or shortages for Qwik-Fix Pro shipped to them within thirty (30) days of the Third Parties receipt of such package (or the time required by applicable law, if longer). PivX shall use commercially reasonable efforts to meet delivery dates requested by Detto, but in no event shall PivX be liable for its failure to meet such dates. In the event that PivX shall be unable to meet Detto's requested ship dates, PivX shall advise Detto of the change in or actual delivery schedule.

                                       3

3.6 SECURITY INTEREST. Detto hereby grants PivX a purchase money security interest in all Qwik-Fix Pro licensed to Detto, all physical media on which Qwik-Fix Pro is located, and all rights licensed to Detto pursuant to this Agreement in the amount of the Total Purchase Price. Detto also grants PivX a security interest in Detto's address list of Third Parties to secure Detto's payment, indemnification, and other obligations hereunder. To secure its rights hereunder, PivX shall have the right to file one or more UCC financing statements and to make such other filings as PivX shall deem appropriate. Detto shall cooperate with PivX with respect to all such filings. Upon PivX's demand, Detto agrees to execute promptly any financing statement, security agreement, chattel mortgage, applications for registration and/or similar documents, and to take any other action deemed necessary for registration or otherwise deemed necessary or desirable by PivX in order to perfect PivX's security interest hereunder. In the event of Detto's default hereunder, PivX may foreclose its security interests and exercise such other rights as provided under the UCC.

4. WARRANTY AND LIABILITY

4.1 PRODUCT WARRANTY. With respect to Qwik-Fix Pro delivered by PivX to Detto on CD-Rom, PivX warrants that for a period of thirty (30) days following delivery to Detto, the media on which Qwik-Fix Pro is furnished to Detto will be free from defects in materials and workmanship during normal use. PivX warrants that Qwik-Fix Pro will substantially conform to the user documentation. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH ABOVE, QWIK-FIX PRO AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". PIVX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

4.2 PRODUCT INDEMNITY. PivX will indemnify, defend and hold Detto and its subsidiaries (each, an "Indemnified Party"), harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), arising as a result of or in connection with any claim that Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation infringes any intellectual property right of a third party provided: (i) the Indemnified Party promptly gives written notice of any claim to PivX; (ii) the Indemnified Party provides any assistance which PivX may reasonably request for the defense of the claim (with reasonable out of pocket expenses paid by PivX); and (iii) PivX has the right to control of the defense or settlement of the claim, provided, however, that the Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in, but not control, any litigation for which indemnification is sought with counsel of its own choosing, at its own expense. Additionally, if an injunction or order issues restricting the use or distribution of any of Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation, or if PivX determines that Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation are likely to become the subject of a claim of infringement or violation of any proprietary right of any third party, PivX shall in its discretion and, at its option (a) procure the right to continue using, reproducing, and distributing Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation; (b) replace or modify Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation so that they become noninfringing, provided such modification or replacement does not materially alter or affect the specifications for or the use or operation of Qwik-Fix Pro; require return of Qwik-Fix Pro to PivX and refund any licensing fees relating to the future use of Qwik-Fix Pro.

4.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR PIVX'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 4.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL PIVX'S OR ITS LICENSORS' LIABILITY TO DETTO OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY PIVX HEREUNDER DURING THE PREVIOUS SIX (6) MONTHS. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY OR PIVX'S LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO ANOTHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR LOSS OF DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENTS OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF





SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF AN ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN.

                                       4

4.4 INDEMNIFICATION. Detto shall indemnify and hold PivX harmless from and against any and all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) which PivX incurs as a result of any claim based on any breach of any representation or warranty, covenant or agreement by Detto under this Agreement or any breach of this Agreement by Detto; provided: (i) that PivX promptly gives written notice of any claim to Detto; (ii) at Detto's expense, PivX provides reasonable assistance which Detto may reasonably request for the defense of the claim; and (iii) Detto has the right to control the defense or settlement of the claim, provided, however, that PivX shall have the right to participate in, but not control, any litigation for which indemnification is sought with counsel of its own choosing, at its own expense.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1 TERM OF AGREEMENT. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.

5.2 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. PivX may terminate this Agreement for convenience by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice of termination to Detto. This Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach of this Agreement by the other party that is not cured within thirty (30) days of the other party's receipt of written notice of such breach. If a material breach is cured within a thirty (30) day cure period this Agreement shall remain in effect as if no material breach had occurred. This Agreement shall terminate automatically without notice and without further action by the other party in the event that the other party becomes insolvent, which means it becomes unable to pay its debts in the ordinary course of business as they come due, or makes an assignment of this Agreement for the benefit of creditors.

5.3 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement:

(a) Detto shall, within thirty (30) days, pay to PivX all amounts due hereunder, return to PivX all products and demonstration copies received from PivX, erase any and all of the foregoing from all computer memories and storage devices within Detto's possession or control and, if requested, provide PivX with a signed written statement that Detto has complied with the foregoing obligations. All rights and licenses granted by PivX hereunder shall terminate, provided such termination shall not result in the termination of Licenses for copies of Qwik-Fix Pro which already have been purchased by Third Parties in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(b) The following shall survive termination of this Agreement: Section 1.2, the last two sentences of Section 2.2, Sections 2.3 through and including 2.9, Section 3.6, Section 4, this Section 5 and Section 6. 5.4 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY UPON TERMINATION. In the event of termination in accordance with Section 5.1, PivX shall not be liable to Detto because of such termination for compensation, reimbursement or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales or on account of expenditures, inventory, investments, leases or commitments in connection with the business or goodwill of Detto.

6. GENERAL PROVISIONS

6.1 CONFIDENTIALITY. By virtue of this Agreement, each party may have access to information that is confidential to the other ("Confidential Information"). Confidential Information shall include, but not be limited to, software, documentation, formulas, methods, know how, processes, designs, new products, developmental work, marketing requirements, marketing plans, customer names, prospective customer names, the terms and pricing under the Agreement, and any information clearly identified in writing at the time of disclosure as confidential. A party's Confidential Information shall not include information that (a) is or becomes a part of the public domain through no act or omission of the other party; or (b) is independently developed by the other party without

                                       5

use of or reference to the first party's Confidential Information. In the event, Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by law or other governmental authority, a party hereunder shall not be prohibited from disclosing such information by this Section provided that the responding party shall first have given prompt notice to the other party hereto and shall have made a reasonable effort to obtain a protective order restricting or limiting the disclosure of the Confidential Information to the extent possible.

6.2 THIS AGREEMENT CONTROLS; MERGER; AMENDMENT; WAIVER. This Agreement and Exhibit A to this Agreement shall control Detto's distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation. All different or additional terms or conditions in any Detto purchase order or similar document shall be null and void. This Agreement, including Exhibit A, constitutes the final, complete, and exclusive agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements. No modification, amendment, or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by both parties. The failure or delay by either party in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy.





6.3 NOTICES. All notices shall be given in writing and shall be considered effective when (a) personally delivered, (b) upon confirmed receipt if sent by electronic mail or facsimile; or (c) two (2) days after posting if sent by overnight registered private carrier (e.g. DHL, Federal Express, etc.).

6.4 ASSIGNMENT. Detto may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without PivX's prior written consent. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

6.5 FORCE MAJEURE. PivX will not incur any liability to Detto or any other party on account of any loss or damage resulting from any delay or failure to perform all or any part of this Agreement (except for payment obligations) to the extent such delay or failure is caused, in whole or in part, by events, occurrences, or causes beyond the control, and without the negligence of, the parties. Such events, occurrences, or causes include, without limitation, acts of God, telecommunications outages, Internet outages, power outages, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, floods, earthquakes, fires, and explosions.

6.6 GENERAL. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Detto is an independent contractor, and nothing herein shall be construed to create an employer-employee, partnership, joint venture, or agency relationship between the parties. Detto shall have no authority, right or power to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of PivX.

6.7 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The parties consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the state and federal courts of Orange County, California, U.S.A. for any disputes arising out of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the following duly authorized representatives have signed this Agreement on behalf of the entities indicated below, as of the date first above written.

DETTO                                     PIVX ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------

----------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- By:                                       By: ----------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- Title:                                    Title: ----------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- Date:                                     Date: ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------

                                       6
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement as indicated by "[***]" and such confidential portions have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Amendment #3 to the Manufacturing Agreement This Amendment #3 to the Manufacturing Agreement (this "Amendment #3") is made effective as of December 21, 2017 ("Amendment Effective Date"), by and between ADMA BioManufacturing, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having a place of business at 5800 Park of Commerce Boulevard NW, Boca Raton, Florida 33487 USA ("ADMA") and Sanofi Pasteur S.A., a company existing and organized under the laws of France ("Sanofi Pasteur"), having its registered head office at 14, espace Henry Vallee, 69007, Lyon, France. WHEREAS, ADMA (as successor-in-interest to Biotest Pharmaceuticals Corporation ("BPC") and Sanofi Pasteur are parties to that certain Manufacturing Agreement, effective September 30, 2011, as previously amended (including by that certain Amendment #2 to the Manufacturing Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2016, by and between BPC and Sanofi Pasteur ("Amendment #2")) (the "Agreement") for the production of Rabies Fraction II Paste (the "Product," as further defined in the Agreement) for Sanofi Pasteur from human plasma containing rabies antibodies; WHEREAS, BPC and Sanofi Pasteur are Parties to that certain Plasma Supply Agreement, effective January 20, 2009, as amended (the "Plasma Supply Agreement"), for the production of human Rabies Hyperimmune Plasma ("Rabies Plasma") by BPC for Sanofi Pasteur to be used in the manufacturing of Rabies Immunoglobulin; WHEREAS, the Rabies Plasma manufactured by BPC under the Plasma Supply Agreement may be transferred to ADMA to be fractionated into Product under the Agreement; WHEREAS, ADMA and Sanofi Pasteur desire to further amend the Agreement in order to memorialize the amendment of certain provisions in the Agreement; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the respective promises contained herein and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 1. All capitalized terms used and not defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning as set out in the Agreement. 2. The supply terms set forth in Section 1 of Amendment #2 (the "Prior Supply Terms") are hereby deleted in their entirety. In their place, the Parties agree to the following (and Section 2.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended as needed to implement the following): Sanofi Pasteur agrees to purchase and ADMA to manufacture [***] Batches of Product, which Batches will be produced over a period from Q3 2018 to Q3 2019. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a detailed supply plan provided to ADMA by Sanofi Pasteur (the "Updated Supply Plan") that describes the agreed-upon timing for production of such Batches of Product, which supply plan is made an integral part hereof and shall be binding on the Parties. Prices for such [***] Batches of Product shall be in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Agreement (as amended in Amendment #2).

BPC Initials ___ Sanofi Pasteur Initials ___ 1





Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement as indicated by "[***]" and such confidential portions have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Parties agree to amend the Agreement to impose on ADMA an obligation to supply a minimum of [***] Batches of Product for that period stalling from Q4 2018 up to Q4 2019, as further specified in Exhibit A attached hereto. Should ADMA fail to supply a minimum of [***] Batches of Product (the "Minimum Volume") of Product during the time period as specified in this Amendment #3, ADMA agrees that Sanofi Pasteur shall be entitled to obtain from ADMA as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, amounting to $[***] ([***]) USD. ADMA accepts and declares that the amount of the liquidated damages is a fair and equitable compensation, and not a penalty, for such failure in reaching the volume commitment within the timelines agreed herein and in regard to the value and use of the Source Plasma. In addition to the Minimum Volume of Product to be manufactured by ADMA, should ADMA deliver the Minimum Volume of Product but fail to meet the Updated Supply Plan as provided in Exhibit A as attached hereto and made an integral part hereof, then it is agreed upon by the Parties that ADMA shall pay to Sanofi Pasteur an amount equal to $[***] ([***]) USD for each Batch of Product that is less than the agreed upon quantity in Exhibit A, as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty. The foregoing liquidated damages [***] respect to the [***] within the [***] agreed in this Amendment #3. [***] not be entitled to [***] by this Agreement as a result of [***], including without limitation [***]. Notwithstanding the foregoing, [***], sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Agreement [***]. 3. Furthermore, should ADMA's compliance status under the FDA Warning Letter be escalated, and if such consequence limits ADMA's ability to supply the Batches of Product as specified in this Amendment #3 and the Updated Supply Plan or in case of failure by ADMA to supply any Batch of Product under this Amendment, Sanofi Pasteur shall be entitled to terminate immediately this Agreement upon written notice to ADMA and Sanofi Pasteur shall not be obligated to provide any additional payments (as outlined in Section 5 below and payments for any of the unproduced or delivered production batches) to ADMA from the date of such termination. In such a case, the remaining Source Plasma shall be immediately returned to Sanofi Pasteur, under ADMA's liability and expenses. Shipment of the Source Plasma to Sanofi Pasteur shall be made in compliance with the transportation conditions as provided in the Quality Agreement (as defined below), to be further amended by the Parties as contemplated in Section 9 below.

BPC Initials ___ Sanofi Pasteur Initials ___ 2





Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement as indicated by "[***]" and such confidential portions have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 4. In the event of a non-conformance in the Source Plasma at the time of delivery of the Source plasma at ADMA's place, or in the event of damaged Source Plasma, which non-conformance, damage or loss in the Source Plasma occurred prior to the transfer of risks in the Source Plasma to ADMA as per Section 7 below, it is agreed upon by the Parties that Sanofi Pasteur shall not be responsible, nor liable, to compensate or indemnify ADMA for the loss of business arising from the fact that, in such a case, the Source Plasma will no longer be manufactured by ADMA and consequently Sanofi Pasteur will not pay for the unproduced batch. 5. In consideration for certain quantities of Product that ADMA would have been contractually obligated to supply, and that Sanofi Pasteur would have been contractually obligated to purchase, under the Agreement, but that will now not be supplied and purchased as a result of the Parties' agreement in Section 2 above, Sanofi Pasteur agrees to pay ADMA an amount of seven million (7,000,000 USD) (the "Compensation Fee") in five installments and will be invoiced as follows: (a) [***] USD upon execution of this Amendment #3 (b) [***] USD on March 1, 2018 (c) [***] USD on June 1, 2018 (d) [***] USD on September 1, 2018 (e) [***] USD on December 1, 2018 Such payments shall be made in accordance with Section 3.4 of the Agreement; provided, however, that the initial payment described in Section 5(a) above shall be due no later than December 31,2017. Each invoice shall reference this Amendment 3 and shall be sent at the following address: Sanofi Pasteur SA DSFF Pole de Lyon - Carteret Tri C5-2-01 14 Espace Henry Vallee CS 90119 69361 LYON CEDEX 07 - FRANCE Upon payment of the Compensation Fee, ADMA shall be fully compensated for any kind of prejudice or damages ADMA may suffer arising from or related to the decrease in the quantities of Product Sanofi Pasteur committed to purchase initially from ADMA as per the Prior Supply Terms. ADMA declares that the Compensation Fee is fair and equitable. 6. Upon full payment of the Compensation Fee, each Party, with the intention of binding itself, its Affiliates, shareholders, successors and assigns, hereby releases, remises and forever discharges the other Party, and its Affiliates, employees, directors, shareholders, successors and assigns, from all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, damages, claims and demands whatsoever, in law, contract or equity, arising directly out of, or relating to the Updated Supply Plan and/or the amount of the Compensation Fee Sanofi agrees to pay to ADMA.

BPC Initials ___ Sanofi Pasteur Initials ___ 3





Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement as indicated by "[***]" and such confidential portions have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 7. The Parties further agree to amend Section 6.5 of the Agreement as follows: (a) The liability cap set forth under section 6.5 is hereby amended to adapt to the provisions of this Amendment #3 and is therefore set at "[***]" instead of "[***]". (b) The last sentence of Section 6.5 of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: Unless Section 2.7 applies, and subject to any risk of loss assumed by BPC under the Plasma Agreement (as amended) or that certain [Termination, Settlement and Release Agreement] between BPC and Sanofi Pasteur, [of even date herewith], Sanofi Pasteur assumes all risk of loss for all Source Plasma (the "Sanofi Pasteur Property") while under storage conditions at BPC's warehouse except in case such loss occurs as a result of BPC negligence or willful misconduct, and Sanofi Pasteur hereby waives any and all rights of recovery against ADMA and its Affiliates, and against any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or representative, for any loss or damage to the Sanofi Pasteur Property while under storage conditions at BPC's warehouse. At such time that the Source Plasma is delivered to the ADMA loading dock located at 5800 Park of Commerce Blvd NW, Boca Raton, FL 33487, risk of loss for such delivered Source Plasma shall, as between Sanofi Pasteur and ADMA, transfer to ADMA. ADMA agrees to assume the risks of loss to the Sanofi Pasteur Property and shall reimburse Sanofi Pasteur, at the dollar value, the Source Plasma in case of damage or loss. In consideration of the foregoing, Section 6.5 is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following: 6.5 Limitation of Liability: In no event shall either party be liable to the other party for incidental, indirect, special and consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation any claims for damages based upon lost profits or lost business opportunity. Except for the obligation of indemnity as set forth in Section 6.1 (c) with respect to claims by third parties for personal injury, illness or death (but not including property damage) resulting from the manufacture of the Product by BPC, aggregate damages for which ADMA shall be liable to Sanofi Pasteur hereunder, including without limitation costs of Source Plasma yield loss and/or rejected Batches, shall not exceed [***]. All claims by Sanofi Pasteur for breach or default under this Agreement shall be brought within [***] year after the cause of action comes into existence or otherwise shall be waived. This limitation of liability will not apply for damages that result from the gross negligence or the willful misconduct of a Party.

BPC Initials ___ Sanofi Pasteur Initials ___ 4





Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement as indicated by "[***]" and such confidential portions have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Furthermore, unless Section 2.7 applies, and subject to any risk of loss assumed by BPC under the Plasma Agreement (as amended) or that certain [Termination, Settlement and Release Agreement] between BPC and Sanofi Pasteur, [of even date herewith], Sanofi Pasteur assumes all risk of loss for all Source Plasma (the "Sanofi Pasteur Property") while under storage conditions at BPC's warehouse except in case such loss occurs as a result of BPC negligence or willful misconduct, and Sanofi Pasteur hereby waives any and all rights of recovery against ADMA and its Affiliates, and against any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or representative, for any loss or damage to the Sanofi Pasteur Property while under storage conditions at BPC's warehouse. At such time that the Source Plasma is delivered to the ADMA loading dock located at 5800 Park of Commerce Blvd NW, Boca Raton, FL 33487, risk of loss for such delivered Source Plasma shall, as between Sanofi Pasteur and ADMA, transfer to ADMA. ADMA agrees to assume the risks of loss to the Sanofi Pasteur Property and shall reimburse Sanofi Pasteur, at the dollar value, the Source Plasma in case of damage or loss. 8. The Parties further agree to amend that certain Quality and Technical Agreement between Sanofi Pasteur and ADMA (as successor to BPC) effective as of September 15, 2015 (the "Quality Agreement") to modify the address where the Source Plasma shall be stocked and the conditions associated therewith, as well as to ensure consistency with the other terms of this Amendment. The Parties shall use best efforts to complete such amendment to the Quality Agreement within 60 days after the Amendment Effective Date. 9. All other terms of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect except to the extent superseded by the terms of this Amendment #3. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby have caused this Amendment #3 to the Agreement to be executed and the persons signing below warrant that they are duly authorized to sign for and on behalf of their respective Parties. Made in two original copies. Sanofi Pasteur, S.A. By:/s/ Vincent Hingot Name: Vincent Hingot Title: Senior Vice President Industrial Affairs Date: 22 Dec. 2017

ADMA BioManufacturing, LLC By: /s/ Adam Grossman Name: Adam Grossman Title: President & CEO Date: 12-21-2017

BPC Initials ___ Sanofi Pasteur Initials ___ 5





Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement as indicated by "[***]" and such confidential portions have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Exhibit A [***] ADMA Initials ___ Sanofi Pasteur Initials ___ A-1
Exhibit 10.7

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Aduro Biotech, Inc., with a place of business at 740 Heinz Avenue, Berkeley, CA 94710 ("Aduro") and IREYA B.V having an address at Staalwijkstraat 16, 2313 XR Leiden, the Netherlands, represented by Andrea van Elsas, ("Consultant") agree to all terms and conditions of this Consulting Agreement ("Agreement") dated June 1, 2020, effective as of July 1, 2020 ("Effective Date").

1. Services. At the request and direction of Aduro and the agreement of Consultant, Consultant will provide advice and consultation to Aduro with respect to its research, clinical development programs and other business matters as requested by Aduro from time to time.

2. Compensation and Expenses. Aduro shall pay Consultant for the Services at the rate of 500 per hour. On a monthly basis, Consultant shall submit to Aduro an invoice for the hours worked along with itemized documentation and receipts and other information for pre-approved travel and/or out-of- pocket expenses as Aduro reasonably requests at the time reimbursement is requested. Consultant will not incur any travel and/or other out-of-pocket expenses of more than 5,000 individually or 20,000 in the aggregate without the prior written consent of Aduro. Aduro shall pay Consultant any amounts due that are not reasonably disputed by Aduro, by check or direct bank deposit, within thirty days after receiving the invoice. Consultant's sole compensation for the Services shall be the amounts set forth above in this Section 2. Invoices shall be sent to the attention of:

ap@aduro.com Attn: Accounts Payable

3. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other. This Agreement may be extended upon mutual written agreement of the parties.

4. Confidential Information.

(a) "Confidential Information" means any information, materials or methods in whatever form or embodiment that has not been made available by Aduro to the general public and any information, materials or methods in the possession or control of Consultant on the Effective Date or developed in the performance of the Services, except that Confidential Information shall not include any information, material or method that (i) at the time of disclosure is in, or after disclosure becomes part of the public domain, through no improper act on the part of Consultant or any of its employees; (ii) was in Consultant's possession at the time of disclosure, as shown by written evidence, and was not acquired, directly or indirectly, from work with Aduro; or (iii) Consultant receives from a third party, provided that such Confidential Information was not obtained by such third party, directly or indirectly, from Aduro.

Specific information disclosed as part of the Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be in the public domain or in the prior possession of Consultant merely because it is encompassed or contemplated by more general information in the public domain or in the prior possession of the Consultant. Failure to mark any of the Confidential Information as confidential or proprietary shall not affect its status as Confidential Information under the terms of this Agreement.





(b) Consultant shall keep all Confidential Information confidential, and Consultant shall not disclose, disseminate, publish, reproduce or use Confidential Information except to perform the Services. If Consultant is required by judicial or administrative process to disclose Confidential Information, Consultant shall promptly notify Aduro to allow Aduro a reasonable time to oppose such process and Consultant shall reasonably cooperate in Aduro's efforts.

(c) On Aduro's request, or upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Consultant shall immediately: (i) stop using Confidential Information; (ii) return all materials provided by Aduro to Consultant that contain Confidential Information, except for one copy that may be retained by Consultant's legal counsel to confirm compliance with the obligations under this Agreement; (iii) destroy all copies of Confidential Information in any form including Confidential Information contained in computer memory or data storage apparatus or materials prepared by or for Consultant; and (iv) provide a written warranty to Aduro that Consultant has taken all the actions described in the foregoing Subparagraphs 4(c)(i-iii).

(d) Any breach of this Paragraph 4 by an employee or agent of Consultant shall be deemed to be a breach by Consultant.

(e) Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice: Nothing herein shall prevent Consultant from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation. Consultant does not need the prior authorization of Aduro to make any such reports or disclosures and is not required to notify Aduro that it has made such reports or disclosures. In addition, as set forth in 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), Consultant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and that is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal.

5. Independent Contractor. Consultant's relationship to Aduro shall be that of an independent contractor. Consultant shall be responsible for the timely payment of his or her own self-employment and income taxes. Neither party shall have any authority to bind the other.

6. Intellectual Property. Aduro shall be the sole and exclusive owner of, and Consultant hereby assigns to Aduro, any and all writings, documents, work product, inventions, developments, improvements, discoveries, know-how, processes, chemical entities, compounds, plans, memoranda, tests, research, designs, specifications, models and data that Consultant makes, conceives, discovers or develops, either solely or jointly with any other person in performance of the Services (collectively, "Work Product"). Consultant shall promptly disclose to Aduro all information relating to Work Product as appropriate as part of the Services and at the request of Aduro. To the extent, if any, that Consultant has rights in or to any Work Product or any data or inventions developed in connection with work under this Agreement ("Aduro IP"), Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Aduro, and to the extent that an executory assignment is not enforceable, Consultant hereby agrees to assign and transfer to Aduro, in writing, from time to time, upon request, any and all right, title, or interest that Consultant has or may obtain in any Work Product and/or Aduro IP without the necessity of further consideration. Aduro shall be entitled to obtain and hold in its own name all copyrights, patents, trade secrets and trademarks with respect thereto. At Aduro's request and expense, Consultant shall assist Aduro in acquiring and maintaining its right in and title to, any Work Product. Such assistance may include, but will not be limited to, signing applications and other documents, cooperating in legal proceedings, and taking any other steps considered necessary or desirable by Aduro.





7. Nonsolicitation. From the Effective Date and for twelve (12) months after the termination of this Agreement (the "Restricted Period"), Consultant shall not, without Aduro's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of Aduro or its affiliates to terminate employment with, or cease providing Services to, Aduro or its affiliates. In the event of a breach of this Paragraph 7 by Consultant, Aduro shall be entitled to entry of injunctive relief. Such injunctive remedy shall be nonexclusive and shall be in addition to any and all other remedies which may be available to it at law or in equity, including without limitation, the recovery of direct, indirect, incidental, consequential and/or punitive damages.

8. Representations. Consultant represents as follows:

(a) Consultant is not subject to any other agreement that Consultant will violate by signing this Agreement;

(b) Consultant has and shall continue to have the knowledge, experience, qualifications and required skill to perform, and shall perform, the Services in a professional manner;

(c) Consultant to perform the Services in accordance with all Applicable Law; and

(d) During the term of this Agreement, Consultant will not, directly or indirectly (whether for compensation or without compensation) engage in or provide consulting services, or enter into any agreement either written or oral, that would present a material conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or would preclude Consultant from complying with the terms and conditions hereof. If during the term of this Agreement any situation or circumstance arises that might reasonably be expected to present a conflict of interest, or if Consultant might be unable to render Services or otherwise participate in such work without risk of breaching an obligation of confidentiality to another party, Consultant will promptly advise the Company's General Counsel of the situation and Company and Consultant shall, in good faith, attempt to resolve any such conflicts(s). If requested by the Company's General Counsel, Consultant will recuse herself from providing Services for the duration of the conflict.

9. Material Non-Public Information. Consultant may have access to, or learn, "material non-public information" about Aduro or companies working with Aduro during the course of performing Services under this Agreement. Consultant acknowledges that it is illegal to buy or sell Aduro's stock or the stock of companies working with Aduro, on the basis of "material non-public information." It is also illegal to pass such information on to others who use it to buy or sell Aduro stock. Consultant is subject to and will comply with Aduro's Insider Trading and Trading Window Policy.

10. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of every nature between them with respect to the subject matter hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not supersede or in modify in anyway any other written agreement between the parties. This Agreement may not be changed or modified, except by an agreement in writing signed by both of the parties hereto. The obligations of Consultant as set forth herein, other than Consultant's obligations to perform the Project, shall survive the termination of Consultant's engagement with Aduro. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain effective and enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law. This Agreement shall not be assignable by Consultant. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.





ADURO BIOTECH, INC. CONSULTANT

By: /s/ Stephen T. Isaacs By: /s/ Andrea van Elsas Name: Stephen T. Isaacs Name: Andrea van Elsas Title: President and Chief Executive Officer Title: Chief Scientific Officer
Exhibit 10.7

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Aduro Biotech, Inc., with a place of business at 740 Heinz Avenue, Berkeley, CA 94710 ("Aduro") and IREYA B.V having an address at Staalwijkstraat 16, 2313 XR Leiden, the Netherlands, represented by Andrea van Elsas, ("Consultant") agree to all terms and conditions of this Consulting Agreement ("Agreement") dated June 1, 2020, effective as of July 1, 2020 ("Effective Date").

1. Services. At the request and direction of Aduro and the agreement of Consultant, Consultant will provide advice and consultation to Aduro with respect to its research, clinical development programs and other business matters as requested by Aduro from time to time.

2. Compensation and Expenses. Aduro shall pay Consultant for the Services at the rate of 500 per hour. On a monthly basis, Consultant shall submit to Aduro an invoice for the hours worked along with itemized documentation and receipts and other information for pre-approved travel and/or out-of- pocket expenses as Aduro reasonably requests at the time reimbursement is requested. Consultant will not incur any travel and/or other out-of-pocket expenses of more than 5,000 individually or 20,000 in the aggregate without the prior written consent of Aduro. Aduro shall pay Consultant any amounts due that are not reasonably disputed by Aduro, by check or direct bank deposit, within thirty days after receiving the invoice. Consultant's sole compensation for the Services shall be the amounts set forth above in this Section 2. Invoices shall be sent to the attention of:

ap@aduro.com Attn: Accounts Payable

3. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other. This Agreement may be extended upon mutual written agreement of the parties.

4. Confidential Information.

(a) "Confidential Information" means any information, materials or methods in whatever form or embodiment that has not been made available by Aduro to the general public and any information, materials or methods in the possession or control of Consultant on the Effective Date or developed in the performance of the Services, except that Confidential Information shall not include any information, material or method that (i) at the time of disclosure is in, or after disclosure becomes part of the public domain, through no improper act on the part of Consultant or any of its employees; (ii) was in Consultant's possession at the time of disclosure, as shown by written evidence, and was not acquired, directly or indirectly, from work with Aduro; or (iii) Consultant receives from a third party, provided that such Confidential Information was not obtained by such third party, directly or indirectly, from Aduro.

Specific information disclosed as part of the Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be in the public domain or in the prior possession of Consultant merely because it is encompassed or contemplated by more general information in the public domain or in the prior possession of the Consultant. Failure to mark any of the Confidential Information as confidential or proprietary shall not affect its status as Confidential Information under the terms of this Agreement.





(b) Consultant shall keep all Confidential Information confidential, and Consultant shall not disclose, disseminate, publish, reproduce or use Confidential Information except to perform the Services. If Consultant is required by judicial or administrative process to disclose Confidential Information, Consultant shall promptly notify Aduro to allow Aduro a reasonable time to oppose such process and Consultant shall reasonably cooperate in Aduro's efforts.

(c) On Aduro's request, or upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Consultant shall immediately: (i) stop using Confidential Information; (ii) return all materials provided by Aduro to Consultant that contain Confidential Information, except for one copy that may be retained by Consultant's legal counsel to confirm compliance with the obligations under this Agreement; (iii) destroy all copies of Confidential Information in any form including Confidential Information contained in computer memory or data storage apparatus or materials prepared by or for Consultant; and (iv) provide a written warranty to Aduro that Consultant has taken all the actions described in the foregoing Subparagraphs 4(c)(i-iii).

(d) Any breach of this Paragraph 4 by an employee or agent of Consultant shall be deemed to be a breach by Consultant.

(e) Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice: Nothing herein shall prevent Consultant from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation. Consultant does not need the prior authorization of Aduro to make any such reports or disclosures and is not required to notify Aduro that it has made such reports or disclosures. In addition, as set forth in 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), Consultant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and that is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal.

5. Independent Contractor. Consultant's relationship to Aduro shall be that of an independent contractor. Consultant shall be responsible for the timely payment of his or her own self-employment and income taxes. Neither party shall have any authority to bind the other.

6. Intellectual Property. Aduro shall be the sole and exclusive owner of, and Consultant hereby assigns to Aduro, any and all writings, documents, work product, inventions, developments, improvements, discoveries, know-how, processes, chemical entities, compounds, plans, memoranda, tests, research, designs, specifications, models and data that Consultant makes, conceives, discovers or develops, either solely or jointly with any other person in performance of the Services (collectively, "Work Product"). Consultant shall promptly disclose to Aduro all information relating to Work Product as appropriate as part of the Services and at the request of Aduro. To the extent, if any, that Consultant has rights in or to any Work Product or any data or inventions developed in connection with work under this Agreement ("Aduro IP"), Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Aduro, and to the extent that an executory assignment is not enforceable, Consultant hereby agrees to assign and transfer to Aduro, in writing, from time to time, upon request, any and all right, title, or interest that Consultant has or may obtain in any Work Product and/or Aduro IP without the necessity of further consideration. Aduro shall be entitled to obtain and hold in its own name all copyrights, patents, trade secrets and trademarks with respect thereto. At Aduro's request and expense, Consultant shall assist Aduro in acquiring and maintaining its right in and title to, any Work Product. Such assistance may include, but will not be limited to, signing applications and other documents, cooperating in legal proceedings, and taking any other steps considered necessary or desirable by Aduro.





7. Nonsolicitation. From the Effective Date and for twelve (12) months after the termination of this Agreement (the "Restricted Period"), Consultant shall not, without Aduro's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of Aduro or its affiliates to terminate employment with, or cease providing Services to, Aduro or its affiliates. In the event of a breach of this Paragraph 7 by Consultant, Aduro shall be entitled to entry of injunctive relief. Such injunctive remedy shall be nonexclusive and shall be in addition to any and all other remedies which may be available to it at law or in equity, including without limitation, the recovery of direct, indirect, incidental, consequential and/or punitive damages.

8. Representations. Consultant represents as follows:

(a) Consultant is not subject to any other agreement that Consultant will violate by signing this Agreement;

(b) Consultant has and shall continue to have the knowledge, experience, qualifications and required skill to perform, and shall perform, the Services in a professional manner;

(c) Consultant to perform the Services in accordance with all Applicable Law; and

(d) During the term of this Agreement, Consultant will not, directly or indirectly (whether for compensation or without compensation) engage in or provide consulting services, or enter into any agreement either written or oral, that would present a material conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or would preclude Consultant from complying with the terms and conditions hereof. If during the term of this Agreement any situation or circumstance arises that might reasonably be expected to present a conflict of interest, or if Consultant might be unable to render Services or otherwise participate in such work without risk of breaching an obligation of confidentiality to another party, Consultant will promptly advise the Company's General Counsel of the situation and Company and Consultant shall, in good faith, attempt to resolve any such conflicts(s). If requested by the Company's General Counsel, Consultant will recuse herself from providing Services for the duration of the conflict.

9. Material Non-Public Information. Consultant may have access to, or learn, "material non-public information" about Aduro or companies working with Aduro during the course of performing Services under this Agreement. Consultant acknowledges that it is illegal to buy or sell Aduro's stock or the stock of companies working with Aduro, on the basis of "material non-public information." It is also illegal to pass such information on to others who use it to buy or sell Aduro stock. Consultant is subject to and will comply with Aduro's Insider Trading and Trading Window Policy.

10. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of every nature between them with respect to the subject matter hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not supersede or in modify in anyway any other written agreement between the parties. This Agreement may not be changed or modified, except by an agreement in writing signed by both of the parties hereto. The obligations of Consultant as set forth herein, other than Consultant's obligations to perform the Project, shall survive the termination of Consultant's engagement with Aduro. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain effective and enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law. This Agreement shall not be assignable by Consultant. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.





ADURO BIOTECH, INC. CONSULTANT

By: /s/ Stephen T. Isaacs By: /s/ Andrea van Elsas Name: Stephen T. Isaacs Name: Andrea van Elsas Title: President and Chief Executive Officer Title: Chief Scientific Officer
Exhibit 1.1

                                1,265,000 Shares                    (subject to increase up to 1,454,750 shares                       in the event of an oversubscription)

                              AFSALA BANCORP, INC.                             (a Delaware corporation)

                                  COMMON STOCK                            ($0.10 Par Value Per Share)

                      Subscription Price: $10.00 Per Share

                                AGENCY AGREEMENT

                                                            ____________, 1996

Capital Resources, Inc. 1701 K Street, N.W. Suite 700 Washington, D.C. 20006

Ladies and Gentlemen:

                  AFSALA  Bancorp,  Inc. (the  "Company") and Amsterdam  Federal Savings and Loan  Association,  a federally  chartered  mutual  savings and loan association  ("Association"),  with its deposit  accounts insured by the Savings Association   Insurance  Fund  ("SAIF")  administered  by  the  Federal  Deposit Insurance  Corporation  ("FDIC"),  hereby  confirm their  agreement with Capital Resources, Inc. ("Capital Resources") as follows:

                  SECTION 1. The Offering.  The Association,  in accordance with and pursuant to its plan of conversion  adopted by the Board of Directors of the Association  (the "Plan"),  intends to be converted  from a  federally-chartered mutual savings and loan association to a federally-chartered  stock savings bank and will  sell all of its  issued  and  outstanding  stock to the  Company.  The Company  will  offer  and  sell its  common  stock  (the  "Common  Stock")  in a subscription  offering  ("Subscription  Offering") to (1) tax qualified employee benefit plans of the Association,  (2) depositors of the Association as of March 31, 1995 ("Eligible Account  Holders"),  (3) depositors of the Association as of June 30, 1996  ("Supplemental  Eligible  Account  Holders"),  (4) certain  other deposit  account  holders  and  borrower  members  of  the  Association  ("Other Members") and (5) to its employees,  officers and directors,  pursuant to rights to  subscribe  for shares of Common Stock (the  "Shares").  Subject to the prior subscription rights of the above-listed  parties, the Company may offer for sale in a public offering (the "Public  Offering," and when referred to together with the Subscription  Offering,  the "Subscription and Public Offerings")  conducted after the Subscription  Offering, the Shares not so subscribed for or ordered in the  Subscription  Offering  to the  general  public  (all such  offerees  being referred to in the aggregate as "Eligible Offerees"). Shares may also be sold in the Public Offering by a selling group of  broker-dealers  organized and managed by Capital  Resources.  It is  acknowledged  that the  purchase of Shares in the Subscription  and Public  Offerings  is subject to maximum and minimum  purchase limitations as described in the Plan and that the Company may reject in whole or in part any subscriptions received from subscribers in the Public Offering.

                  The  Company  and the  Association  desire to  retain  Capital Resources to assist the Company with its sale of the Shares in the  Subscription and Public  Offerings.  By and  through  this  Agreement,  the  Company  and the Association confirm the retention of Capital Resources to assist the Company and the Association during the Subscription and Public Offerings.

                  The  Company  has  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission  (the  "Commission")  a registration  statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-6399)  containing an offering  prospectus  relating to the  Subscription and Public  Offerings for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"),  and has filed such  amendments  thereto,  if any, and such amended  prospectuses as may have been required to the date hereof (the  "Registration  Statement").  The prospectus,  as amended,  included in the Registration   Statement  at  the  time  it  initially  becomes  effective,   is hereinafter called the "Offering  Prospectus",  except that if any prospectus is filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations") differing from the offering  prospectus  included in the Registration  Statement at the time it initially becomes effective,  the term "Offering  Prospectus" shall refer to the offering prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from and after the time said offering prospectus is filed with or mailed to the Commission for filing.

                  In accordance  with Title 12, Part 563b of the Code of Federal Regulations (the "Conversion  Regulations"),  the Association has filed with the Office  of Thrift  Supervision  (the  "OTS")  an  Application  for  Approval  of Conversion  on Form AC (the  "Conversion  Application")  including  the Offering





Prospectus  and has filed  such  amendments  thereto,  if any,  as may have been required by the OTS. The  Conversion  Application  has been approved by the OTS. The Company has filed with the OTS its application on Form H-(e)lS (the "Holding Company  Application")  to acquire the  Association  under the Home Owners' Loan Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. ss. 1467a) ("HOLA").

                  SECTION 2. Retention of Capital Resources;  Compensation; Sale and  Delivery  of the  Shares.  Subject to the terms and  conditions  herein set forth, the Company and the Association hereby appoint Capital Resources as their agent to advise and assist the Company and the  Association  with the  Company's sale of the Shares in the Subscription and Public Offerings.

                  On  the  basis  of  the   representations,   warranties,   and agreements herein contained,  but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, Capital Resources accepts such appointment and agrees to consult with and advise the Company and the Association as to matters  relating to the Conversion and the Subscription and Public Offerings. It is acknowledged by the Company and the  Association  that Capital  Resources  shall not be required to purchase any Shares and shall not be obligated to take any action which is inconsistent  with any  applicable  laws,  regulations,  decisions  or orders.  If requested by the Company or the  Association,  Capital  Resources  also may assemble and manage a selling group of broker dealers which are members of the National Association of Securities  Dealers,  Inc. (the "NASD") to  participate in the  solicitation  of purchase  orders  for  Shares  under a selected  dealers'  agreement  ("Selected Dealers'  Agreement").  The  obligations of Capital  Resources  pursuant to this Agreement  shall  terminate upon the completion or termination or abandonment of the  Plan  by  the  Company  or  the  Association  or  upon  termination  of the Subscription  and  Public  Offerings,  or if the  terms  of the  Conversion  are substantially  amended  so as to  materially  and  adversely  change the role of Capital  Resources,  but in no event later than 45 days after the  completion of the Subscription and Public Offerings (the "End Date").  All fees due to Capital Resources  but unpaid will be payable to Capital  Resources in next day funds at the earlier of the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) or the End Date. In the event the  Subscription  and Public  Offerings are extended beyond the End Date, the Company, the

                                       -2-

Association  and Capital  Resources may mutually  agree to renew this  Agreement under mutually acceptable terms.

                  In the event  the  Company  is  unable  to sell a  minimum  of 935,000  Shares  within  the  period  herein  provided,   this  Agreement  shall terminate,  and the Company shall refund to any persons who have  subscribed for any of the Shares,  the full amount  which it may have  received  from them plus accrued  interest  as set  forth  in the  Offering  Prospectus;  and none of the parties  to this  Agreement  shall  have any  obligation  to the  other  parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this  Section 2 and in  Sections  7, 9 and 10 hereof.

                  In the event the closing  does not occur,  the  Conversion  is terminated  or  otherwise  abandoned,   or  the  terms  of  the  Conversion  are substantially  amended  so as to  materially  and  adversely  change the role of Capital  Resources,  Capital  Resources  shall be reimbursed  for all reasonable legal fees and  out-of-pocket  expenses for  rendering  financial  advice to the Association  concerning the structure of the Conversion,  preparing a market and financial analysis, performing due diligence and assisting in the preparation of the Application for Conversion and the  Registration  Statement,  which shall be paid upon such termination, abandonment or amendment or within five days of such event.

                  If  all  conditions  precedent  to  the  consummation  of  the Conversion,  including,  without limitation,  the sale of all Shares required by the Plan to be sold, are  satisfied,  the Company agrees to issue or have issued the Shares  sold in the  Subscription  and Public  Offerings  and to release for delivery  certificates  for such  Shares  on the  Closing  Date (as  hereinafter defined)  against  payment to the Company by any means  authorized  by the Plan, provided,  however, that no certificates shall be released for such shares until the  conditions  specified in Section 7 hereof shall have been  complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of Capital Resources and its counsel. The release of Shares against payment  therefor shall be made on a date and at a time and place acceptable to the Company, the Association and Capital Resources.  The date upon which the Company shall  release or deliver the Shares sold in the  Subscription and Public Offerings,  in accordance with the terms hereof, is herein called the "Closing Date."

                  Capital Resources shall receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:

                  (a) (i) a  marketing  fee in the  amount  of (x)  two  percent (2.0%) of the aggregate dollar amount of all Shares sold in the Subscription and Public Offerings,  excluding sales made through broker assisted  purchases or by other NASD member firms  participating  in the Subscription and Public Offerings pursuant  to  the  Selected  Dealers'  Agreement,  if  any  (for  which  Capital Resources'  compensation shall be pursuant to sub-paragraph  (ii)) and excluding shares sold to the  Association's  Employee  Stock  Ownership  Plan,  directors, officers or employees and any member of such person's  immediate family (defined to include children, spouse, parents, grandparents and grandchildren);

                           (ii)    a management fee in the amount of one percent and one-half (1.5%) of the aggregate dollar amount of Shares sold through broker assisted  purchases or through selected dealers, if any.





                  (b) Capital  Resources  shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket  expenses,  including,  but not  limited to,  legal fees,  travel, communications  and  postage,  incurred by it whether or not the  Conversion  is successfully completed as set forth in Section 7 hereof. Capital Resources shall be  reimbursed  promptly  for all  out-of-pocket  expenses  upon  receipt by the Company or the Association of a monthly  itemized bill summarizing such expenses since the date of the last bill, if any, to the date

                                       -3-

of the current bill.

                  In the event other broker-dealers are assembled and managed by Capital  Resources  under a  selling  syndicate  to  participate  in the  Public Offering  pursuant to the  Selected  Dealers'  Agreement or  participate  in the Public Offering as assisting  brokers,  the Company and the Association  will be directly  responsible for the payment of selected  dealers'  commissions to such participating  firms or assisting  brokers'  commissions up to a maximum of four percent (4%) and four percent (4%), respectively, of the amount of stock sold by such firms.  Capital Resources' fees are limited to those stated in subparagraph (a) above and all other  brokers  will be paid fees based upon the  capacity  in which they are acting in the particular stock sale.

                  All subscription  funds received by Capital  Resources (and if by check  shall be made  payable to the  Company)  or by other  NASD  registered broker-dealers soliciting subscriptions (if any) shall be transmitted (either by U.S.  Mail  or  similar  type  of  transmittal)  to the  Company  by noon of the following business day.

                  SECTION  3.  Offering  Prospectus;   Subscription  and  Public Offerings. The Shares are to be initially offered in the Subscription and Public Offerings at the  Purchase  Price as set forth on the cover page of the Offering Prospectus.

                  SECTION 4.  Representations and Warranties.  The Company and  the Association jointly and severally represent and warrant to Capital Resources as follows:

                  (a) The Registration  Statement was declared  effective by the Commission  on  __________,  1996.  At  the  time  the  Registration  Statement, including the Offering Prospectus  contained therein (including any amendment or supplement thereto),  became effective,  the Registration  Statement complied in all material  respects  with the  requirements  of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the Registration  Statement,  including the Offering  Prospectus contained therein (including any amendment or supplement thereto),  any Blue Sky Application  or any Sales  Information  (as such  terms are  defined  previously herein or in Section 8 hereof)  authorized by the Company or the Association for use in connection with the  Subscription and Public Offerings did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were made, not  misleading,  and at the time any Rule  424(b)  or (c)  Offering  Prospectus  was  filed  with  or  mailed  to the Commission  for filing and at the  Closing  Date  referred  to in Section 2, the Registration  Statement  including  the Offering  Prospectus  contained  therein (including any amendment or supplement thereto), any Blue Sky Application or any Sales  Information (as such terms are defined  previously herein or in Section 8 hereof)  authorized by the Company or the Association for use in connection with the  Subscription and Public Offerings will not contain an untrue statement of a material  fact or omit to state a material  fact  necessary in order to make the statements  therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representations and warranties in this Section  4(a) shall not apply to  statements  in or omissions  from such Registration  Statement  or Offering  Prospectus  made in  reliance  upon and in conformity with written information  furnished to the Company or the Association by Capital  Resources  expressly  regarding  Capital Resources for use under the caption "The Conversion-Marketing Arrangements."

                  (b)      The Conversion Application, including the Offering Prospectus, was approved by the OTS on __________, 1996.  At the time of the approval of the Conversion Application, including

                                       -4-

the Offering  Prospectus,  by the OTS  (including  any  amendment or  supplement thereto)  and at all times  subsequent  thereto  until  the  Closing  Date,  the Conversion  Application,  including the Offering Prospectus,  will comply in all material  respects  with the  Conversion  Regulations  and any  other  rules and regulations  of the OTS.  The  Conversion  Application,  including  the Offering Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto), does not include any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that  representations  or  warranties  in this  Section  4(b) shall not apply to statements or omissions  made in reliance  upon and in  conformity  with written information   furnished  to  the  Association  by  Capital  Resources  expressly regarding Capital Resources for use in the Offering Prospectus  contained in the Conversion   Application   under  the   caption   "The   Conversion-   Marketing Arrangements."





                  (c) The  Company  has filed with the OTS the  Holding  Company Application  and will have  received,  as of the Closing  Date,  approval of its acquisition of the Association from the OTS.

                  (d) No order has been issued by the OTS, the  Commission,  the FDIC (and  hereinafter  reference to the FDIC shall include the SAIF), or to the best knowledge of the Company or the  Association  any State  regulatory or Blue Sky authority,  preventing or suspending the use of the Offering  Prospectus and no action by or  before  any such  government  entity  to revoke  any  approval, authorization  or order of  effectiveness  related to the  Conversion is, to the best knowledge of the Association or the Company, pending or threatened.

                  (e) At the  Closing  Date  referred  to in Section 2, the Plan will have been  adopted by the Board of  Directors  of both the  Company and the Association,  the Company and the Association will have completed all conditions precedent to the  Conversion and the offer and sale of the Shares will have been conducted in accordance with the Plan, the Conversion  Regulations and all other applicable  laws,  regulations,  decisions  and  orders,  including  all  terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Conversion imposed upon the  Company  or the  Association  by  the  OTS,  the  Commission  or any  other regulatory authority and in the manner described in the Offering Prospectus.  At the  Closing  Date,  no person  will have  sought to obtain  review of the final action of the OTS,  to the  knowledge  of the  Company  or the  Association,  in approving the Plan or in approving the  Conversion or the Company's  application to acquire all of the capital stock and control of the  Association  pursuant to the HOLA or any other statute or regulation.

                  (f)  The  Association  is now a  duly  organized  and  validly existing  federally-chartered  savings  and loan  association  in mutual form of organization  and upon the  Conversion  will become a duly organized and validly existing federally-chartered savings bank in capital stock form of organization, in both instances  duly  authorized to conduct its business and own its property as described in the  Registration  Statement  and the Offering  Prospectus;  the Company and the  Association  have obtained all material  licenses,  permits and other  governmental  authorizations  currently required for the conduct of their respective   businesses;   all   such   licenses,   permits   and   governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Company and the Association are in all material  respects  complying with all laws,  rules,  regulations and orders applicable to the operation of their  businesses;  and the Association is in good standing  under the laws of the United States and is duly qualified as a foreign  corporation  to  transact  business  and is in  good  standing  in each jurisdiction  in which its ownership of property or leasing of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, unless the failure to be so qualified in one or more of such jurisdictions would not have a material adverse effect on the condition,  financial or otherwise, or the business, operations or income of the Association. The Association does not own

                                       -5-

equity securities or any equity interest in any other business enterprise except as described in the Offering  Prospectus.  Upon the completion of the Conversion of the Association pursuant to the Plan to a  federally-chartered  stock savings bank, (i) all of the authorized and outstanding capital stock of the Association will be  owned  by the  Company,  and  (ii)  the  Company  will  have no  direct subsidiaries other than the Association.  The Conversion will have been effected in  all  material   respects  in  accordance   with  all  applicable   statutes, regulations,  decisions  and orders;  and except  with  respect to the filing of certain post-sale,  post-conversion reports and documents in compliance with the 1933 Act Regulations or the OTS's resolutions or letters of approval. All terms, conditions,  requirements and provisions with respect to the Conversion  imposed by the Commission, the OTS and the FDIC, if any, will have been complied with by the Company and the Association in all material respects or appropriate  waivers will have been  obtained and all material  notice and waiting  periods will have been satisfied, waived or elapsed.

                  (g) The  Company  has been duly  incorporated  and is  validly existing  as a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  State of Delaware  with  corporate  power and  authority  to own,  lease and  operate its properties  and to  conduct  its  business  as  described  in  the  Registration Statement  and the  Offering  Prospectus,  and the  Company is  qualified  to do business as a foreign  corporation in any  jurisdiction  in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company.

                  (h) The  Association is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York ("FHLBNY");  and the deposit accounts of the Association are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable  limits.  Upon  consummation of the Conversion, the  liquidation  account  for the  benefit  of  Eligible  Account  Holders  and Supplemental  Eligible  Account  Holders will be duly  established in accordance with the requirements of the Conversion Regulations.

                  (i) The Company and the  Association  have good and marketable title to all assets  owned by them which are  material  to the  business  of the Company and the  Association and to those assets  described in the  Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus as owned by them, free and clear of all liens, charges,  encumbrances  or  restrictions,  except such as are  described  in the Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus or are not materially significant or important in relation to the business of the Company and the Association; and all of the leases and subleases  material to the business of the Company and the Association  under  which  the  Company  or the  Association  holds  properties, including those described in the Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus,





are in full force and effect.

                  (j) The  Association  has  received an opinion of its counsel, Malizia,  Spidi,  Sloane & Fisch,  P.C.,  with respect to the federal income tax consequences of the Conversion of the Association from mutual to stock form, the acquisition of the capital stock of the Association by the Company,  the sale of the Shares,  and the  reorganization  of the  Association  as  described  in the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus and an opinion from KPMG Peat Marwick,  LLP ("KPMG") with respect to the State income tax  consequences of the proposed transaction;  all material aspects of the opinions of Silver Freedman & Taff, L.L.P. and KPMG are accurately summarized in the Offering Prospectus;  and the facts and  representations  upon which such opinions are based are truthful, accurate and complete, and neither the Association nor the Company will take any action inconsistent therewith.

                  (k)      The Company and the Association have all such power, authority, authorizations, approvals and orders as may be required to enter into this Agreement, to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and to issue  and sell the Capital Stock of the Association to the Company and Shares to be sold by the Company as provided herein and as described in the Offering Prospectus.  The

                                       -6-

consummation of the Conversion, the execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and the  Association  and this  Agreement has been validly  executed and delivered by the Company and the Association and is the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Company and the Association  enforceable in accordance with its terms  (except as the  enforceability  thereof  may be  limited  by  bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium,  reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the  enforcement  of creditors'  rights  generally or the rights of creditors of savings and loan  holding  companies,  the  accounts of whose  subsidiaries  are insured by the FDIC or by general equity  principles  regardless of whether such enforceability  is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and except to the  extent,  if any,  that the  provisions  of  Sections 9 and 10 hereof may be unenforceable as against public policy).

                  (l) The Company and the  Association  are not in  violation of any directive  which has been delivered to the Company or the  Association or of which management of the Company or the Association has actual knowledge from the OTS, the Commission, the FDIC or any other agency to make any material change in the  method of  conducting  their  businesses  so as to  comply in all  material respects  with all  applicable  statutes  and  regulations  (including,  without limitation,  regulations,  decisions,  directives  and  orders  of the OTS,  the Commission and the FDIC) and except as set forth in the  Registration  Statement and the Offering  Prospectus there is no suit or proceeding or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Association,  charge, investigation or action before or by any court,  regulatory  authority or governmental agency or body, pending or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company  or the  Association,  threatened,  which  might materially  and  adversely  affect  the  Conversion,  the  performance  of  this Agreement or the consummation of the  transactions  contemplated in the Plan and as described in the Registration Statement or which might result in any material adverse  change in the condition  (financial or otherwise),  earnings,  capital, properties,  business  affairs  or  business  prospects  of the  Company  or the Association or which would materially affect their properties and assets.

                  (m)  The  financial  statements  which  are  included  in  the Registration  Statement  and which are part of the  Offering  Prospectus  fairly present the financial  condition,  results of operations,  retained earnings and cash  flows of the  Association  at the  respective  dates  thereof  and for the respective  periods  covered  thereby,  and  comply  as to form in all  material respects with the applicable accounting  requirements of Title 12 of the Code of Federal  Regulations  and  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  ("GAAP") (including  those  requiring  the  recording of certain  assets at their current market value).  Such financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with generally  accepted  accounting  principles  consistently  applied  through  the periods  involved,  present  fairly in all  material  respects  the  information required to be stated therein and are consistent with the most recent  financial statements and other reports filed by the Association with the OTS and the FDIC, except  that  accounting   principles   employed  in  such  filings  conform  to requirements  of such  authorities  and not  necessarily  to generally  accepted accounting   principles.   The  other  financial,   statistical  and  pro  forma information and related notes included in the Offering Prospectus present fairly the  information  shown  therein  on a basis  consistent  with the  audited  and unaudited  financial  statements,  if any,  of the  Association  included in the Offering Prospectus,  and as to the pro forma adjustments,  the adjustments made therein have been properly applied on the basis described therein.

                  (n)  Since the  respective  dates as of which  information  is given in the Registration  Statement and the Offering Prospectus,  except as may otherwise be stated therein: (i) there has not been any material adverse change, financial or otherwise,  in the condition of the Company or the Association,  or of the Company  and the  Association  considered  as one  enterprise,  or in the earnings, capital,

                                       -7-





properties,  business  affairs  or  business  prospects  of the  Company  or the Association,  whether or not arising in the ordinary  course of  business,  (ii) there has not been (A) an  increase  of greater  than  $500,000 in the long term debt of the Association or (B) an increase of $100,000 or more in loans past due 90 days or more or (C) an increase  of $100,000 or more in real estate  acquired by  foreclosure  or (D) a decrease of $50,000 or more in the  allowance for loan losses or (E) any decrease in total  retained  earnings or (F) a decrease in net income from January 1, 1996 to date when  compared to the like period in 1995 or (G) any change in total  assets of the  Association  in an amount  greater  than $2,000,000 or (H) any other material  change which would require an amendment to the Offering Prospectus;  (iii) the Association has not issued any securities or incurred any  liability or obligation  for borrowing  other than in the ordinary course of business;  (iv) there have not been any material  transactions entered into  by  the  Company  or  the  Association,   except  with  respect  to  those transactions  entered  into in the  ordinary  course  of  business;  and (v) the capitalization,  liabilities, assets, properties and business of the Company and the Association  conform in all material  respects to the  descriptions  thereof contained  in  the  Offering  Prospectus,   and  neither  the  Company  nor  the Association have any material liabilities of any kind,  contingent or otherwise, except as set forth in the Offering Prospectus.

                  (o) As of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date,  neither the  Company  nor  the  Association  is  in  violation  of  its  certificate  of incorporation or charter,  respectively, or its bylaws (and the Association will not be in  violation  of its  charter or bylaws in capital  stock form as of the Closing  Date) or in default in the  performance  or  observance of any material obligation,  agreement, covenant, or condition contained in any contract, lease, loan agreement, indenture or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it, or any of its property may be bound which would result in a material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, capital, properties, business  affairs or business  prospects of the Company or  Association or which would  materially  affect their  properties or assets.  The  consummation of the transactions  herein  contemplated  will not (i) conflict  with or  constitute a breach of, or default under, the certificate of incorporation  and bylaws of the Company,  the charter and bylaws of the Association (in either mutual or capital stock form), or any material  contract,  lease or other  instrument to which the Company or the  Association  has a beneficial  interest,  or any applicable law, rule, regulation or order; (ii) violate any authorization,  approval,  judgment, decree,  order,  statute,  rule or  regulation  applicable to the Company or the Association;  or (iii) with the exception of the Liquidation Account established in the  Conversion,  result in the  creation  of any  material  lien,  charge or encumbrance upon any property of the Company or the Association.

                  (p) No default  exists,  and no event has occurred  which with notice or lapse of time, or both,  would constitute a default on the part of the Company or the  Association,  in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, bank loan or credit agreement or any other instrument or agreement to which the Company or the  Association  is a party or by which any of them or any of their property is bound or affected in any respect  which,  in any such cases,  is material to the Company or the Association; such agreements are in full force and effect; and no other party to any such  agreements  has instituted or, to the best knowledge of the Company or the Association,  threatened any action or proceeding wherein the Company  or  the  Association  would  or  might  be  alleged  to be  in  default thereunder.

                  (q)  Upon  consummation  of the  Conversion,  the  authorized, issued and  outstanding  equity  capital of the Company will be within the range set forth in the Registration Statement under the caption  "Capitalization," and no shares of Common Stock have been or will be issued and  outstanding  prior to the  Closing  Date  referred to in Section 2; the Shares will have been duly and validly  authorized  for issuance  and, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plan against payment of the

                                       -8-

consideration  calculated  as  set  forth  in  the  Plan  and  in  the  Offering Prospectus,  will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and  non-assessable; the issuance of the Shares will not violate any preemptive rights; and the terms and  provisions  of the Shares  will  conform in all  material  respects  to the description  thereof  contained in the  Registration  Statement and the Offering Prospectus.  Upon the  issuance of the Shares,  good title to the Shares will be transferred from the Company to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor, subject to such claims as may be  asserted  against  the  purchasers  thereof by third party claimants.

                  (r) No  approval of any  regulatory  or  supervisory  or other public  authority is required in  connection  with the execution and delivery of this  Agreement  or the  issuance of the Shares,  except for the approval of the OTS, the Commission and any necessary  qualification  or registration  under the securities or blue sky laws of the various  states in which the Shares are to be offered and as may be required under the regulations-of the National Association of Securities Dealers,  Inc. ("NASD") and the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation ("NASDAQ") National Market.

                  (s) KPMG, which has certified the financial  statements of the Association  included in the  Registration  Statement,  are with  respect to the Company and the Association independent public accountants within the meaning of the Code of Professional  Ethics of the American  Institute of Certified  Public Accountants and Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section 571.2(c)(3) and the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.





                  (t) The  Company  and the  Association  have  (subject  to all properly  obtained  extensions)  timely filed all required federal and state tax returns, have paid all taxes that have become due and payable in respect of such returns,  have made adequate  reserves for similar future tax liabilities and no deficiency has been asserted with respect thereto by any taxing authority.

                  (u)  Appropriate  arrangements  have been made for placing the funds  received  from  subscriptions  for  Shares  in  special  interest-bearing accounts  with the  Association  until all  Shares  are sold and paid for,  with provision for refund to the  purchasers in the event that the  Conversion is not completed  for whatever  reason or for delivery to the Company if all Shares are sold.

                  (v) The Company and the  Association  are in compliance in all material  respects with the  applicable  financial  record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions  Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the regulations and rules thereunder.

                  (w) To the knowledge of the Company and the Association,  none of the Company,  the Association nor employees of the Company or the Association have made any  payment of funds of the Company or the  Association  as a loan to any person for the purchase of the Shares.

                  (x)  Prior  to  the   Conversion,   the  Association  was  not authorized  to issue  shares of capital  stock and  neither  the Company nor the Association has: (i) issued any securities within the last 18 months (except for notes to evidence  other bank loans and reverse  repurchase  agreements or other liabilities);  (ii) had any material  dealings within the twelve months prior to the date  hereof  with any  member  of the NASD,  or any  person  related  to or associated with such member, other than discussions and meetings relating to the proposed  Subscription and Public  Offerings and routine  purchases and sales of U.S.  government and agency  securities and other investment  securities;  (iii) entered  into  a  financial  or  management   consulting   agreement  except  as contemplated  hereunder;  and (iv)  engaged  any  intermediary  between  Capital Resources and the Company and the Association in connection with the offering of Common Stock, and no person is being compensated in any manner for such service.

                                       -9-

                  (y)      The Association has no subsidiaries.

                  Any  certificates  signed by an officer of the  Company or the Association and delivered to Capital Resources or its counsel that refer to this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation  and warranty by the Company or the Association to Capital  Resources as to the matters covered thereby with the same effect as if such representation and warranty were set forth herein.

                  SECTION 5. Capital  Resources  represents  and warrants to the Company and the Association that:

                  (a) Capital Resources is a corporation and is validly existing in good standing  under the laws of the District of Columbia with full power and authority  to provide  the  services  to be  furnished  to the  Company  and the Association hereunder.

                  (b) The  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary  action on the part of Capital  Resources,  and this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Capital  Resources and is the legal, valid and binding agreement of Capital Resources,  enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                  (c) Each of Capital  Resources and its  employees,  agents and representatives  who shall perform any of the services  hereunder  shall be duly authorized  and  empowered,  and shall have all licenses,  approvals and permits necessary,  to perform  such  services  and Capital  Resources  is a  registered selling  agent in the  jurisdictions  listed in Exhibit A hereto and will remain registered  in such  jurisdictions  in which  the  Company  is  relying  on such registration for the sale of the Shares,  until the Conversion is consummated or terminated.

                  (d) The  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by Capital Resources,  the  consummation  of  the  transactions   contemplated  hereby  and compliance  with the terms and  provisions  hereof will not  conflict  with,  or result  in a breach  of,  any of the  terms,  provisions  or  conditions  of, or constitute  a default (or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute  a  default)  under,  the  certificate  of  incorporation  of Capital Resources or any  agreement,  indenture  or other  instrument  to which  Capital Resources is a party or by which its property is bound,  or law or regulation by which Capital Resources is bound.

                  (e) Funds  received by Capital  Resources  to purchase  Common Stock  will be handled  in  accordance  with Rule  15c2-4  under the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                  SECTION 6.  Covenants  of the  Company  and  Association.  The Company and the Association  hereby jointly and severally  covenant with Capital Resources as follows:

                  (a) The Company has filed the Registration  Statement with the Commission.  The Company  will not, at any time after the date the  Registration





Statement  is  declared  effective,  file any  amendment  or  supplement  to the Registration  Statement  without  providing Capital Resources and its counsel an opportunity  to review such  amendment or file any  amendment or  supplement  to which amendment Capital Resources or its counsel shall reasonably object.

                  (b)      The Association has filed the Conversion Application  with the OTS. The

                                      -10-

Association  will not, at any time after the date the Conversion  Application is approved, file any amendment or supplement to the Conversion Application without providing  Capital  Resources  and its  counsel an  opportunity  to review  such amendment or supplement  or file any amendment or supplement to which  amendment or supplement Capital Resources or its counsel shall reasonably object.

                  (c) The  Company  and the  Association  will  use  their  best efforts to cause any post-effective  amendment to the Registration  Statement to be declared effective by the Commission and any post-effective  amendment to the Conversion  Application  to be  approved  by the OTS and will  immediately  upon receipt of any  information  concerning  the events listed below notify  Capital Resources and promptly confirm the notice in writing:  (i) when the Registration Statement,   as  amended,  has  become  effective;   (ii)  when  the  Conversion Application,  as amended,  has been approved by the OTS; (iii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC or any other governmental entity with respect to the Conversion or the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement;  (iv) of the  request by the  Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC or any other  governmental  entity for any amendment or supplement to the  Registration Statement or for additional information;  (v) of the issuance by the Commission, the OTS, the FDIC or any other governmental  entity of any order or other action suspending the  Subscription or Public  Offerings or the use of the Registration Statement or the Offering  Prospectus or any other filing of the Company and the Association  under the Conversion  Regulations or other  applicable  law, or the threat of any such action;  (vi) the issuance by the Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC,  or  any  other  state  authority,   of  any  stop  order  suspending  the effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement or of the initiation or threat of initiation  or  threat  of any  proceedings  for that  purpose;  or (vii) of the occurrence of any event  mentioned in paragraph  (h) below.  The Company and the Association  will make every  reasonable  effort to prevent the  issuance by the Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC, or any other state authority of any such order and,  if any such  order  shall at any time be  issued,  to obtain  the  lifting thereof at the earliest possible time.

                  (d) The  Company  and the  Association  will  provide  Capital Resources and its counsel notice of its intention to file,  and reasonable  time to  review  prior to  filing  any  amendment  or  supplement  to the  Conversion Application  or the  Holding  Company  Application  and  will  not file any such amendment or supplement to which Capital  Resources shall  reasonably  object or which shall be reasonably disapproved by its counsel.

                  (e) The Company and the  Association  will  deliver to Capital Resources  and to its  counsel  two  conformed  copies of each of the  following documents, with all exhibits: the Conversion Application and the Holding Company Application,  as originally  filed and of each amendment or supplement  thereto, and the Registration  Statement, as originally filed and each amendment thereto. Further,  the Company and the Association will deliver such additional copies of the foregoing  documents to counsel for Capital Resources as may be required for any NASD and blue sky filings. In addition, the Company and the Association will also  deliver  to  Capital  Resources  such  number of  copies  of the  Offering Prospectus,  as amended or  supplemented,  as Capital  Resources may  reasonably request.

                  (f) The Company will furnish to Capital  Resources,  from time to time during the period when the Offering  Prospectus (or any later prospectus related to this Offering) is required to be delivered  under the 1933 Act or the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "1934 Act"), such number of copies of such prospectus  (as amended or  supplemented)  as Capital  Resources may  reasonably request  for the  purposes  contemplated  by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act or the respective  applicable rules and regulations of the Commission  thereunder.  The Company authorizes Capital Resources to use the Offering  Prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if amended or supplemented) for any lawful manner in

                                      -11-

connection with the sale of the Shares by Capital Resources.

                  (g)  The  Company  and  the  Association  will  comply  in all material  respects  with  any  and  all  terms,  conditions,   requirements  and provisions  with respect to the  Conversion  and the  transactions  contemplated thereby imposed by the Commission, by applicable state law and regulations,  and by the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and the rules and  regulations  of the  Commission promulgated  under such statutes,  to be complied with prior to or subsequent to the Closing Date and when the Offering  Prospectus  is required to be delivered, the Company and the Association will comply in all material  respects,  at their own expense,  with all requirements imposed upon them by the OTS, the Conversion Regulations,  the FDIC, the Commission,  by applicable state law and regulations and by the  1933  Act,  the  1934  Act  and the  rules  and  regulations  of the Commission promulgated under such statutes,  including, without limitation, Rule





10b-6 under the 1934 Act, in each case as from time to time in force,  so far as necessary  to permit  the  continuance  of sales or  dealing in shares of Common Stock  during  such  period in  accordance  with the  provisions  hereof and the Offering Prospectus.

                  (h) If,  at any time  during  the  period  when  the  Offering Prospectus  relating  to the  Shares  is  required  to be  delivered,  any event relating to or affecting the Company or the Association shall occur, as a result of which it is necessary or  appropriate,  in the reasonable  opinion of counsel for the  Company and the  Association  or in the  reasonable  opinion of Capital Resources'  counsel,  to amend  or  supplement  the  Registration  Statement  or Offering  Prospectus  in order to make the  Registration  Statement  or Offering Prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances  existing at the time it is delivered  to a purchaser,  the Company and the  Association  will,  at their expense,  forthwith prepare, file with the Commission and the OTS and furnish to Capital  Resources a reasonable  number of copies of any amendment or amendments of, or a supplement or supplements  to, the  Registration  Statement or Offering Prospectus (in form and substance  reasonably  satisfactory to Capital Resources and its  counsel  after a  reasonable  time  for  review)  which  will  amend or supplement the Registration  Statement or Offering Prospectus so that as amended or  supplemented  it will not contain an untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the  circumstances  existing  at the  time the  Offering  Prospectus reasonably is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading.  For the purpose of this Agreement,  the Company and the Association  each will timely furnish to Capital Resources such information with respect to itself as Capital  Resources may from time to time request.

                  (i) The Company and the  Association  will take all  necessary actions, in cooperation with Capital Resources,  and furnish to whomever Capital Resources may direct, such information as may be required to qualify or register the Shares for offering and sale by the Company under the applicable  securities or blue sky laws of such  jurisdictions  in which the shares are required  under the  Conversion  Regulations  to be sold or as Capital  Resources may reasonably designate and as reasonably  agreed to by the  Association;  provided,  however, that the Company  shall not be obligated to file any general  consent to service of process or to qualify to do business in any  jurisdiction  in which it is not so  qualified.  In each  jurisdiction  where any of the  Shares  shall have been qualified or registered as above  provided,  the Company will make and file such statements  and reports in each  fiscal  period as are or may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction.

                  (j) The liquidation account for the benefit of account holders with account  balances of $50 or more as of the applicable  record dates will be duly  established and maintained in accordance with the requirements of the OTS, and such Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental  Eligible Account Holders who continue to maintain  their  savings  accounts in the  Association  will have an inchoate interest

                                      -12-

in their pro rata portion of the liquidation account which shall have a priority superior  to that of the  holders  of shares  of Common  Stock in the event of a complete liquidation of the Association.

                  (k) The  Company and the  Association  will not sell or issue, contract  to sell or  otherwise  dispose  of, for a period of 180 days after the date hereof,  without Capital  Resources' prior written  consent,  any shares of Common Stock other than in connection with any plan or arrangement  described in the Offering Prospectus.

                  (l) The Company shall  register its Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the 1934 Act concurrent  with the stock  offering  pursuant to the Plan and shall request that such  registration  be effective  upon  completion of the Conversion.  The Company shall maintain the  effectiveness of such  registration for not less than three years or such shorter period as permitted by the OTS.

                  (m) During the period during which the Company's  common stock is  registered  under  the 1934 Act or for  three  years  from the date  hereof, whichever  period is greater,  the Company will furnish to its  stockholders  as soon as  practicable  after  the  end of  each  fiscal  year  an  annual  report (including a balance sheet and  statements of income,  stockholders'  equity and changes in  financial  position or cash flow  statement of the Company as at the end of and for such  year,  certified  by  independent  public  accountants  and prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act).

                  (n) During the period of three years from the date hereof, the Company  will  furnish to Capital  Resources:  (i) a copy of each  report of the Company  furnished  to or filed  with the  Commission  under the 1934 Act or any national  securities  exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed or quoted (including but not limited to, reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and all proxy  statements  and annual reports to  stockholders),  a copy of each report of the Company mailed to its  stockholders or filed with the Commission or the OTS or any other  supervisory  or regulatory  authority or any national  securities  exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed or quoted,  each press  release  and  material  news items and additional  public  documents and information with respect to the Company or the Association as Capital Resources may reasonably  request,  and (ii) from time to time, such other publicly available  information  concerning the Company and the Association as Capital Resources may reasonably request.

                  (o)      The Company and the Association will use the net





proceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Offering Prospectus under the caption "Use of Proceeds."

                  (p) Other than as permitted by the Conversion Regulations, the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations and the laws of any state in which the Shares are qualified for sale,  neither the Company nor the Association will distribute any prospectus,  offering circular or other offering material in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares.

                  (q) The Company will make generally  available to its security holders  as soon as  practicable,  but not later than 90 days after the close of the period an earnings  statement (in form complying with the provisions of Rule 158 under the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month  period beginning not later than the first day of the Company's  fiscal quarter next following the effective date (as defined in said Rule 158) of the Registration Statement.

                  (r) The Company will file with the Commission  such reports on Form SR as may be required pursuant to Rule 463 under the 1933 Act.

                                      -13-

                  (s)  The  Company  will  obtain   approval  for  and  maintain quotation of the shares on the NASDAQ National  Market  effective on or prior to the Closing Date.

                  (t) The Association will maintain appropriate arrangements for depositing all funds received from persons mailing  subscriptions  for or orders to  purchase   Shares  in  the   Subscription   and  Public   Offerings   on  an interest-bearing  basis at the rate described in the Offering  Prospectus  until the Closing Date and satisfaction of all conditions  precedent to the release of the   Association's   obligation  to  refund  payments   received  from  persons subscribing for or ordering Shares in the  Subscription  and Public Offerings in accordance  with the  Plan as  described  in the  Offering  Prospectus  or until refunds  of such  funds  have  been  made to the  persons  entitled  thereto  or withdrawal  authorizations canceled in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Offering  Prospectus.  The Association  will maintain such records of all funds received to permit the funds of each  subscriber to be separately  insured by the FDIC (to the maximum extent  allowable) and to enable the  Association to make the  appropriate  refunds of such funds in the event that such  refunds are required to be made in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Offering Prospectus.

                  (u)      The Company will promptly register as a savings and  loan holding company under the HOLA.

                  (v) The Company and the Association will take such actions and furnish such  information  as are reasonably  requested by Capital  Resources in order for Capital Resources to ensure compliance with the "Interpretation of the Board of Governors of the NASD on Free Riding and Withholding."

                  (w) The Company will conduct its  businesses  in compliance in all  material  respects  with all  applicable  federal  and state  laws,  rules, regulations,   decisions,   directives  and  orders,  including  all  decisions, directives and orders of the Commission, the OTS and the FDIC.

                  (x) The  Association  will not  amend  the Plan of  Conversion without  Capital  Resources'  prior  written  consent in any manner that, in the reasonable opinion of Capital  Resources,  would materially and adversely affect the sale of the Shares or the terms of this Agreement.

                  (y) The Company shall advise Capital Resources,  if necessary, as to the allocation of the Shares in the event of an oversubscription and shall provide  Capital  Resources  with any  information  necessary to assist  Capital Resources in allocating the Shares in such event and such  information  shall be accurate and reliable.

                  SECTION 7. Payment of Expenses.  Whether or not this Agreement becomes effective,  the Conversion is completed or the sale of the Shares by the Company is consummated,  the Company and Association jointly and severally agree to pay directly for or to reimburse  Capital  Resources  for (to the extent that such expenses have been reasonably incurred by Capital Resources) (a) all filing fees and expenses  incurred in connection with the qualification or registration of the Shares for offer and sale by the Company under the securities or blue sky laws of any  jurisdictions  Capital  Resources  and the  Company  may agree upon pursuant to subsection  (i) of Section 6 above,  including  counsel fees paid or incurred by the Company, the Association or Capital Resources in connection with such   qualification   or  registration  or  exemption  from   qualification  or registration;  (b) all filing fees in connection with all filings with the NASD; (c) any stock issue or transfer  taxes which may be payable  with respect to the sale of the Shares to purchasers in the Conversion; (d) reasonable and necessary expenses of the Conversion,

                                      -14-

including but not limited to,  attorneys'  fees,  transfer agent,  registrar and other agent charges,  fees relating to auditing and accounting or other advisors and costs of printing all documents necessary in connection with the Conversion;





and (e) out-of-pocket  expenses incurred by Capital Resources in connection with the  Conversion  or any  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  including, without limitation,  the fees of its attorneys, and reasonable communication and travel expenses.

                  SECTION  8.  Conditions  to  Capital  Resources'  Obligations. Capital Resources'  obligations  hereunder,  as to the Shares to be delivered at the Closing Date,  are subject to the  condition  that all  representations  and warranties and other  statements of the Company and the Association  herein are, at and as of the  commencement of the  Subscription  and Public Offerings and at and as of the Closing  Date,  true and  correct in all  material  respects,  the condition  that the  Company and the  Association  shall have  performed  in all material  respects  all of their  obligations  hereunder  to be  performed on or before such dates, and to the following further conditions:

                  (a) At the Closing Date, the Company and the Association  will have  completed  the  conditions  precedent  to,  and shall have  conducted  the Conversion in all material respects in accordance with, the Plan, the Conversion Regulations and all other  applicable laws,  regulations,  decisions and orders, including all terms,  conditions,  requirements and provisions  precedent to the Conversion imposed upon them by the OTS.

                  (b)  The  Registration  Statement  shall  have  been  declared effective by the Commission and the Conversion  Application  approved by the OTS not later than 5:30 p.m.  (eastern time) on the date of this Agreement,  or with Capital  Resources' consent at a later time and date; and at the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings  therefore initiated or threatened by  the  Commission  or any  state  authority,  and no  order  or  other  action suspending the  authorization of the Offering  Prospectus or the consummation of the Conversion shall have been issued or proceedings  therefore initiated or, to the Company's or Association's knowledge, threatened by the Commission, the OTS, the FDIC or any state authority.

                  (c)      At the Closing Date, Capital Resources shall have received:

                  (1)  The  favorable  opinion,  dated  as of the  Closing  Date addressed to Capital Resources and for its benefit, of Malizia,  Spidi, Sloane & Fisch, P.C., counsel for the Company and the Association dated the Closing Date, addressed to Capital Resources and in form and substance to the effect that:

                  (i) The  Company  has been duly  incorporated  and is  validly existing  as a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  State of Delaware.

                  (ii) The Company has  corporate  power and  authority  to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus; and the Company is qualified to do  business  as a  foreign  corporation  in New  York,  to the  best of such counsel's  knowledge based on the  conferences and document review  specified in item (xiii) below, the only state in which it is doing business.

                  (iii) The  Association  was a duly  organized and is a validly existing  federally-chartered  savings  and loan  association  in mutual form of organization  and upon the  Conversion  will become a duly organized and validly existing federally-chartered savings bank in capital stock form of organization, in

                                      -15-

both instances  duly  authorized to conduct its business and own its property as described in the Registration Statement; and the Association is in good standing under  the  laws  of the  United  States  and is  duly  qualified  as a  foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its  ownership of property or leasing of  properties or the conduct of its business  requires such  qualification  unless the failure to be so qualified in one or more such  jurisdictions  would not have a material adverse effect on the condition,  financial or  otherwise,  or the  business,  operations or income or business  prospects of the  Association.  The  activities of the  Association as described  in the  Offering  Prospectus,  insofar  as they are  material  to the operations  and  financial  condition of the  Association,  are permitted by the rules,  regulations and resolutions and practices of the OTS or the FDIC and any other federal or state authorities.

                  (iv)  The  Association  is a  member  of the  FHLBNY,  and the deposit  accounts of the  Association  are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum amount  allowed  under  law  and to the  best  of such  counsel's  knowledge  no proceedings  for the  termination or revocation of such insurance are pending or threatened;  and the description of the liquidation  account as set forth in the Registration  Statement  and the  Offering  Prospectus  under the  caption  "The Conversion - Effects of Conversion to Stock Form on Depositors  and Borrowers of the  Bank -  Liquidation  Account"  has been  reviewed  by such  counsel  and is accurate in all material respects.

                  (v)  Upon  consummation  of the  Conversion,  the  authorized, issued and outstanding  capital stock of the Company will be as set forth in the Registration   Statement   and  the  Offering   Prospectus   under  the  caption "Capitalization,"  and no shares of Common  Stock have been issued  prior to the Closing Date; at the time of the Conversion,  the Shares subscribed for pursuant to the Offerings will have been duly and validly  authorized  for issuance,  and when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plan against payment of





the consideration  calculated as set forth in the Plan, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable;  and the issuance of the Shares is not subject to preemptive rights.

                  (vi)  The  issuance  and  sale  of  the  common  stock  of the Association  to the  Company  have  been  duly  and  validly  authorized  by all necessary  corporate  action on the part of the Company and the Association and, upon payment  therefor in accordance  with the terms of the Plan of  Conversion, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be owned of  record  by the  Company,  free and  clear  of any  mortgage,  pledge,  lien, encumbrance or claim (legal or equitable).

                  (vii) The  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized  by  all  necessary  action  on  the  part  of the  Company  and  the Association; and this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Company and the  Association,  enforceable  in accordance  with its terms (except as the enforceability  thereof may be limited by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  moratorium, reorganization  or similar laws  relating to or  affecting  the  enforcement  of creditors'  rights generally or the rights of creditors of savings  associations or savings and loan holding  companies,  the accounts of whose  subsidiaries are insured by the FDIC or by general equity principles,  regardless of whether such enforceability  is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and except to the  extent,  if any,  that the  provisions  of  Sections 9 and 10 hereof may be unenforceable as against public policy).

                  (viii) The Plan has been duly adopted by the required  vote of the Directors of the Company and the Association and members of the Association.

                                      -16-

                  (ix)  Subject to the  satisfaction  of the  conditions  to the OTS's approval of the  Conversion  and the Company's  application to acquire the Association, no further approval, registration,  authorization, consent or other order of any regulatory  agency,  public board or body is required in connection with the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement,  the issuance of the Shares and the  consummation  of the  Conversion,  except as may be required  under the regulations of the NASD and the NASDAQ National Market.  The Conversion has been consummated  in  all  material   respects  in  accordance  with  all  applicable provisions of the HOLA,  the Conversion  Regulations,  Federal and State law and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  (x)  The   Conversion   Application   including  the  Offering Prospectus  as filed with the OTS was complete in all material  respects and has been  approved by the OTS.  The OTS has issued its order of  approval  under the savings and loan holding company provisions of the HOLA, and the purchase by the Company of all of the issued and  outstanding  capital stock of the  Association has been  authorized  by the OTS and no action has been taken,  or to  counsel's knowledge  is  pending  or  threatened,  to  revoke  any such  authorization  or approval.

                  (xi) The  Registration  Statement is effective  under the 1933 Act and no stop order  suspending  the  effectiveness  has been issued under the 1933  Act  or  proceedings   therefor  initiated  or,  to  counsel's  knowledge, threatened by the Commission.

                  (xii) At the time the  Conversion  Application,  including the Offering Prospectus contained therein, was approved,  the Conversion Application including the Offering Prospectus contained therein (as amended or supplemented, if so amended or supplemented) complied as to form in all material respects with the  requirements  of all  applicable  federal laws and the rules,  regulations, decisions  and orders of the OTS (except as to the financial  statements,  other financial data and stock valuation information included therein as to which such counsel need express no opinion); to the best of such counsel's knowledge, based on  conferences  with  management  of and the  independent  accountants  for the Company and the Association,  and on such investigation of the corporate records of the Company and the Association as such counsel  conducted in connection with the preparation of the  Registration  Statement and the Conversion  Application, all material  documents  and exhibits  required to be filed with the  Conversion Application (as amended or  supplemented,  if so amended or  supplemented)  have been so filed.  The  description in the Conversion  Application and the Offering Prospectus  contained  therein of such documents and exhibits is accurate in all material respects and fairly presents the information required to be shown.

                  (xiii)  At the time  that the  Registration  Statement  became effective,  (i) the  Registration  Statement (as amended or  supplemented  if so amended  or  supplemented)  (other  than  the  financial  statements  and  other financial and statistical data and stock valuation information included therein, as to which no opinion  need be  rendered),  complied as to form in all material respects with the  requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and (ii) the Offering  Prospectus  (other than the  financial  statements  and other financial and  statistical  data and the stock  valuation  information  included therein,  as to which no opinion  need be  rendered)  complied as to form in all material  respects  with  the  requirements  of  the  1933  Act,  the  1933  Act Regulations,  Conversion Regulations and Federal and State law (other than state blue sky law as to which we express no opinion).  To the best of such  counsel's knowledge based on the conferences and document review  specified in item (xiii) above,  all  material  documents  and  exhibits  required  to be filed  with the Registration   Statement  (as  amended  or   supplemented,   if  so  amended  or supplemented) have been so filed. The description in the Registration  Statement and the Offering  Prospectus  of such  documents and exhibits is accurate in all





material respects and fairly

                                      -17-

presents the  information  required to be shown.  To the best of such  counsel's knowledge,  no person has sought to obtain  regulatory or judicial review of the final action of the OTS approving the Conversion Application or in approving the Holding Company Application.

                  (xiv) During the course of such  counsel's  representation  of the Company and the  Association,  nothing has come to such counsel's  attention that  caused it to believe  that (i) the Company  and the  Association  have not conducted the  Conversion,  in all material  respects,  in  accordance  with all applicable  requirements  of the Plan and applicable law, and (ii) the Plan, the Conversion  Application,  the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus (other than the financial  statements and other financial and  statistical  data and the stock valuation information included therein as to which no opinion need be rendered) do not comply in all material  respects with all  applicable  laws, rules,  regulations,  decisions  and orders  including,  but not limited to, the Conversion Regulations,  the HOLA, the 1933 Act and 1933 Act Regulations and all other  applicable  laws,  regulations,   decisions  and  orders,  including  all applicable  terms,  conditions,  requirements  and  provisions  precedent to the Conversion imposed upon it by the OTS, the Commission and the FDIC, if any.

                  (xv) The  terms  and  provisions  of the  Common  Stock of the Company  conform  to the  description  thereof  contained  in  the  Registration Statement  and the Offering  Prospectus,  and the form of  certificates  used to evidence the Shares are in due and proper form.

                  (xvi) To the best  knowledge  of such  counsel,  there  are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened which are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus,  other than those disclosed therein,  and all pending legal and governmental  proceedings to which  the  Company  or the  Association  is a party  or of  which  any of their property is the subject  which are not described in the  Registration  Statement and the Offering Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, are, considered in the aggregate, not material;  provided that for this purpose, any litigation or governmental  proceeding is not considered to be "threatened"  unless  the  potential  litigant  or  governmental  authority  has manifested  to the  management  of the  Company or the  Association,  or to such counsel, a present intention to initiate such litigation or proceeding.

                  (xvii) To the best knowledge of such counsel,  the Company and the  Association  have  obtained all  licenses,  permits and other  governmental authorizations  required for the conduct of their respective businesses,  except where the failure to have such  licenses,  permits or  authorizations  would not have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or income or business prospects of the Company and the Association, and all such licenses, permits and other governmental  authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Company and the Association are in all material respects complying therewith.

                  (xviii)   Neither  the  Company  nor  the  Association  is  in contravention of its certificate of incorporation or its charter,  respectively, or its bylaws (and the Association  will not be in  contravention of its charter or bylaws in stock form upon  consummation  of the  Conversion)  or, to the best knowledge  of such  counsel,  in  contravention  of any  obligation,  agreement, covenant or condition contained in any material contract,  indenture,  mortgage, loan  agreement,  note,  lease or other  instrument to which it is a party or by which it or its property may be bound which  contravention  would be material to the business of the Company and the  Association  considered as one  enterprise; the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Association, the incurring of the  obligations  herein set forth and the  consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all necessary

                                      -18-

corporate action of the Company and the Association,  and, to the best knowledge of such counsel,  will not constitute a material breach of, or default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or the Association which are material to their  business  considered  as one  enterprise,  pursuant  to any  contract, indenture,  mortgage,  loan agreement,  note, lease or other instrument to which the Company or the  Association is a party or by which any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or the  Association  is subject.  In addition,  such action will not result in any  contravention of the provisions of the certificate of  incorporation  or bylaws of the Company or the Association  or any  applicable  law,  act,  regulation or order or court order, writ,  injunction or decree.  The charter of the  Association  in stock form has been approved by the OTS.

                  (xix) To the best  knowledge of such counsel,  the Company and the  Association  have good and  marketable  title to all  properties and assets described in the Registration  Statement as owned by them, free and clear of all liens,  charges,  encumbrances or restrictions,  except such as are described in the  Registration  Statement  or are not material in relation to the business of the Company and the Association considered as one enterprise; and to the best of such  counsel's  knowledge,  all of the leases  and  subleases  material  to the business  of the  Company  and the  Association  under which the Company and the





Association hold properties,  as described in the Registration Statement, are in full force and effect.

                  (xx) The Company and the  Association  are not in violation of any directive from the OTS or the FDIC to make any material change in the method of conducting  their business and the Company and the Association have conducted and are conducting their business so as to comply in all material  respects with all  applicable  statutes  and  regulations   (including,   without  limitation, regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the OTS and the FDIC).

                  (xxi)  The  information  in  the  Registration  Statement  and Offering Prospectus under the captions  "Regulation,"  "Certain  Restrictions on Acquisitions of the Company," "The  Conversion,"  "Description of Capital Stock" and the  information  in response to Items 7(d)(l),  7(f),  7(g) and 7(i) of the Form PS of the Conversion Regulations, to the extent that it constitutes matters of  law,  summaries  of  legal  matters,  documents  or  proceedings,  or  legal conclusions,  has been  reviewed by such  counsel and is correct in all material respects  (except  as to the  financial  statements  and  other  financial  data included therein as to which such counsel need express no opinion).

                  In  rendering  such  opinion,  such counsel may rely (A) as to matters  involving the  application of laws of any  jurisdiction  other than the United  States,  to the extent such counsel  deems proper and  specified in such opinion satisfactory to Capital Resources,  upon the opinion of other counsel of good  standing  (providing  that such counsel  states that Capital  Resources is justified in relying upon such  specified  opinion or  opinions),  and (B) as to matters of fact,  to the extent such counsel deems proper,  on  certificates  of responsible  officers of the Company and the  Association  and public  officials (but not on  conclusions  of law which  may be set forth in said  certificates); provided copies of any such opinion(s) or  certificates  are delivered  pursuant hereto  or to  Capital  Resources  together  with  the  opinion  to be  rendered hereunder by special  counsel to the Company and the  Association.  Such counsel may assume that any agreement is the valid and binding obligation of any parties to such agreement other than the Company or the Association.

                  (2) The  letter  of  Malizia,  Spidi,  Sloane &  Fisch,  P.C., counsel for the  Company and the  Association  addressed  to Capital  Resources, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance to the effect that:

                                      -19-

                  During the  preparation  of the  Conversion  Application,  the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus, such counsel participated in conferences with management of, and the independent  public  accountants for the Company  and the  Association.  Based  upon  such  conferences  and a review  of corporate  records of the Company and the Association as such counsel  conducted in connection with the preparation of the Registration  Statement and Conversion Application, nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that the  Conversion  Application,  the  Registration  Statement,  the  Offering Prospectus,  or any  amendment or supplement  thereto  (other than the financial statements  and  other  financial  and  statistical  data  and  stock  valuation information  included  therein,  as to which such counsel need express no view), contained an untrue  statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

                  (3) The  favorable  opinion,  dated as of the Closing Date, of Serchuk &  Zelermyer,  LLP,  Capital  Resources'  counsel,  with respect to such matters as Capital Resources may reasonably require.  Such opinion may rely upon the opinions of counsel to the Company and the Association, and as to matters of fact,  upon  certificates  of  officers  and  directors  of the  Company and the Association  delivered  pursuant  hereto  or as such  counsel  shall  reasonably request.

                  (d) At the Closing Date,  counsel to Capital  Resources  shall have been  furnished  with such  documents  and opinions as they may  reasonably require  for the  purpose  of  enabling  them to render  the  opinion  as herein contemplated  and related  proceedings or in order to evidence the occurrence or completeness of any of the representations or warranties,  or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained.

                  (e) At the Closing  Date,  Capital  Resources  shall receive a certificate of the Chief Executive  Officer and the Chief  Financial  Officer of the Company and of the Chief Executive  Officer and Chief  Financial  Officer of the  Association,  dated as of such Closing Date,  to the effect that:  (i) they have carefully  examined the Offering  Prospectus and, in their opinion,  at the time the  Offering  Prospectus  became  authorized  for final use,  the Offering Prospectus  did not contain an untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to state a material  fact  necessary in order to make the  statements  therein,  in light of the  circumstances  under which they were made,  not  misleading;  (ii) since the date the Offering Prospectus became authorized for final use, in their opinion no event has  occurred  which should have been set forth in an amendment or  supplement  to the  Offering  Prospectus  which  has not been so set  forth, including specifically,  but without limitation,  any material adverse change in the condition,  financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital, properties, business  prospects or business affairs of the Company or the  Association,  and the conditions set forth in this Section 8 have been satisfied;  (iii) since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration  Statement and the Offering  Prospectus,  there has been no material  adverse change in the condition,  financial or  otherwise,  or in the earnings,  capital,  properties, business  affairs or  business  prospects  of the  Company  or the  Association,





independently,  or  of  the  Company  and  the  Association  considered  as  one enterprise,  whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business;  (iv) to the best  knowledge  of such  officers the  representations  and  warranties  in Section  4 are true  and  correct  with the same  force  and  effect  as  though expressly  made  at and  as of  the  Closing  Date;  (v)  the  Company  and  the Association  have complied with all material  agreements and  satisfied,  in all material  respects at or prior to the Closing Date, all obligations  required to be met by  such  date  and  will  in  all  material  respects  comply  with  all obligations  to be  satisfied  by them  after  Conversion;  (vi)  no stop  order suspending the  effectiveness of the  Registration  Statement has been initiated or, to the best  knowledge  of the  Company or  Association,  threatened  by the Commission or any state authority; (vii) no order suspending the Subscription or Public Offerings, the Conversion, the

                                      -20-

acquisition  of all of the  shares  of the  Association  by the  Company  or the effectiveness  of the  Offering  Prospectus  has  been  issued  and to the  best knowledge of the Company or  Association,  no proceedings  for that purpose have been initiated or threatened by the OTS, the Commission,  the FDIC, or any state authority;  and (viii) to the best of their  knowledge,  no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of the OTS approving the Plan.

                  (f) Prior to and at the Closing  Date:  (i) in the  reasonable opinion of Capital  Resources,  there shall have been no material adverse change in the condition,  financial or otherwise,  or in the earnings,  or the business affairs or business  prospects of the Company or the Association  independently, or of the Company or the  Association,  considered as one enterprise,  since the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Offering Prospectus, except  as  referred  to  therein;  (ii)  there  shall  have  been  no  material transaction  entered into by the Company or the Association from the latest date as of which the  financial  condition of the Company or the  Association  is set forth  in  the  Offering  Prospectus  other  than  transactions  referred  to or contemplated  therein;  (iii)  the  Company  or the  Association  shall not have received  from the OTS or the FDIC any  direction  (oral or written) to make any material change in the method of conducting their business with which it has not complied  (which  direction,  if any,  shall  have  been  disclosed  to  Capital Resources) and which would reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on the  business,  operations  or  financial  condition  or income of the Company or the  Association  taken as a whole;  (iv) neither the Company nor the Association  shall have been in default (nor shall an event have occurred which, with  notice or lapse of time or both,  would  constitute  a default)  under any provision of and  agreement or instrument  relating to any material  outstanding indebtedness;  (v) no action, suit or proceedings, at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state  commission,  board or other  administrative  agency, shall be  pending,  or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company  or the  Association, threatened  against the Company or the  Association  or  affecting  any of their properties wherein an unfavorable  decision,  ruling or finding would reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse  effect on the business,  operations, financial  condition  or income of the  Company or the  Association,  taken as a whole;  and (vi) the Shares have been  qualified or registered  for offering and sale  under the  securities  or blue sky laws of the  jurisdictions  as  Capital Resources shall have requested and as agreed to by the Company.

                  (g) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Capital Resources shall receive a letter from KPMG,  dated the date hereof and addressed to Capital  Resources:  (i) confirming that KPMG is a firm of independent public accountants  within the meaning of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and 12 C.F.R. ss. 571.2(c)(3) and no information concerning its relationship with or interests in the Company and the  Association is required to be disclosed in the Offering Prospectus by the Conversion Regulations or Item 10 of the Registration Statement, and stating in effect that in KPMG's opinion the financial statements of the Association as are included in the Offering  Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the 1933 Act and the related published rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and the Conversion  Regulations and generally  accepted  accounting  principles; (ii) stating in effect that, on the basis of certain agreed upon procedures (but not  an  audit  examination  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing standards)  consisting of a reading of the latest  available  unaudited  interim financial statements of the Association  prepared by the Association,  a reading of the  minutes of the  meetings  of the Board of  Directors  and members of the Association and consultations  with officers of the Association  responsible for financial and accounting  matters,  nothing came to their attention which caused them to  believe  that:  (A)  such  unaudited  financial  statements  are not in conformity  with generally  accepted  accounting  principles  applied on a basis substantially  consistent with that of the audited financial statements included in the Offering Prospectus; or (B) during the period from the date of the latest financial statements included in the

                                      -21-

Offering  Prospectus to a specified  date not more than five business days prior to the date hereof,  there has been (1) an increase of greater than  $500,000 in the long term debt of the  Association or (2) an increase of $100,000 or more in loans past due 90 days or more as of the last day of the month immediately prior to such  specified  date or (3) an  increase  of $100,000 or more in real estate acquired by  foreclosure  or (4) a decrease of $50,000 or more in the  allowance for loan losses or (5) any decrease in total retained earnings or (6) a decrease





in net  income  when  compared  to the like  period in 1995 or (7) any change in total assets of the Association in an amount greater than  $2,000,000  excluding proceeds  from stock  subscriptions;  and (iii) stating that, in addition to the audit examination referred to in its opinion included in the Offering Prospectus and  the  performance  of the  procedures  referred  to in  clause  (ii) of this subsection  (g), they have compared with the general  accounting  records of the Company and/or the Association, as applicable, which are subject to the internal controls of the Company and/or the Association, as applicable, accounting system and other data prepared by the Company  and/or the  Association,  as applicable, directly from such accounting  records,  to the extent specified in such letter, such amounts and/or percentages set forth in the Offering  Prospectus as Capital Resources  may  reasonably  request;  and  they  have  found  such  amounts  and percentages to be in agreement therewith (subject to rounding).

                  (h) At the Closing  Date,  Capital  Resources  shall receive a letter  from KPMG,  dated the  Closing  Date,  addressed  to Capital  Resources, confirming  the  statements  made by its  letter  delivered  by it  pursuant  to subsection (g) of this Section 8, except that the  "specified  date" referred to in clause (ii)(B) thereof to be a date specified in such letter, which shall not be more than three business days prior to the Closing Date.

                  (i) The Company and the  Association  shall not have sustained since  the date of the  latest  audited  financial  statements  included  in the Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion,  flood or other calamity,  whether or not covered by insurance,  or from any labor dispute or court or governmental  action, order or  decree,  otherwise  than as set forth or  contemplated  in the  Registration Statement and Offering  Prospectus,  and since the respective  dates as of which information  is given in the  Registration  Statement  and Offering  Prospectus, there  shall  not have  been any  material  change  in the long term debt of the Company or the Association  other than debt incurred in relation to the purchase of Shares by the Company's  Tax-Qualified  Employee Plans, or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the general affairs, management, financial position, stockholders' equity or results of operations of the Company or the  Association,  otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus,  the effect of which, in any such  case  described  above,  is  in  Capital  Resources'  reasonable  judgment sufficiently  material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the  Subscription or Public Offerings or the delivery of the Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Offering Prospectus.

                  (j) At or prior to the Closing Date,  Capital  Resources shall receive  (i) a copy  of the  letter  from  the  OTS  authorizing  the use of the Offering Prospectus,  (ii) a copy of the order from the Commission declaring the Registration  Statement  effective,  (iii) a copy of a certificate  from the OTS evidencing  the good  standing of the  Association,  (iv)  certificates  of good standing from the States of Delaware and New York  evidencing  the good standing of the  Company  and from the State of New York  evidencing  that the Company is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in New York and (v) a copy of the letter from the OTS approving the Company's Holding Company Application.

                  (k)      As soon as available after the Closing Date, Capital Resources shall receive a

                                      -22-

certified copy of the Association's stock charter.

                  (1)  Subsequent  to the  date  hereof,  there  shall  not have occurred any of the  following:  (i) a suspension  or  limitation  in trading in securities  generally on the New York Stock  Exchange or American Stock Exchange or in the over-the-counter  market, or quotations halted generally on the NASDAQ National  Market,  or minimum or maximum  prices for  trading  being  fixed,  or maximum  ranges for  prices  for  securities  being  required  by either of such exchanges or the NASD or by order of the  Commission  or any other  governmental authority;  (ii) a general  moratorium on the operations of commercial  banks or federal  savings banks or general  moratorium on the withdrawal of deposits from commercial  banks or federal  savings banks  declared by either federal or state authorities; (iii) the engagement by the United States in hostilities which have resulted  in the  declaration,  on or  after  the  date  hereof,  of a  national emergency  or war;  or (iv) a  material  decline  in the price of equity or debt securities  if, as to clauses (iii) or (iv),  the effect of such  hostilities or decline, in Capital Resources'  reasonable  judgment,  makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Subscription or Public Offerings or the delivery of the Shares on the terms and in the manner  contemplated  in the  Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus.

                  All such opinions, certifications, letters and documents shall be in compliance with the provisions  hereof only if they are, in the reasonable opinion of Capital Resources and its counsel,  satisfactory to Capital Resources and its  counsel.  Any  certificates  signed by an  officer or  director  of the Company or the  Association  and  delivered to Capital  Resources or its counsel shall be deemed a representation  and warranty by the Company or the Association to Capital Resources as to the statements made therein.

                  If any of the  conditions  specified in this Section shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this  Agreement,  this Agreement and all of Capital  Resources'  obligations  hereunder  may be  canceled  by Capital Resources by notifying the  Association  of such  cancellation  in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and any such  cancellation shall be without  liability  of any party to any other party except as otherwise provided in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.  Notwithstanding  the above, if this





Agreement  is  canceled  pursuant  to  this  paragraph,   the  Company  and  the Association  jointly and severally agree to reimburse  Capital Resources for all out-of-pocket  expenses,  (including without limitation the fees and expenses of Capital Resources' counsel) reasonably incurred by Capital Resources and Capital Resources'  counsel at its normal rates,  in connection  with the preparation of the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus,  and in contemplation of the proposed  Subscription  or Public  Offerings  to the extent  provided for in Sections 2 and 7 hereof.

                  SECTION 9.  Indemnification.

                  (a) The Company  and the  Association  jointly  and  severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless Capital Resources, its officers, directors, agents and  employees  and each person,  if any, who controls or is under common control with Capital  Resources within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act,  against any and all loss,  liability,  claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including but not limited to settlement expenses), joint or several,  that Capital  Resources or any of them may suffer or to which Capital  Resources  and any such persons  upon  written  demand for any expenses (including fees and  disbursements of counsel)  incurred by Capital Resources or any of them  in  connection  with  investigating,  preparing  or  defending  any actions,  proceedings or claims (whether  commenced or threatened) to the extent such losses,  claims,  damages,  liabilities  or actions (i) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material

                                      -23-

fact  contained in the  Registration  Statement  (or any amendment or supplement thereto),  preliminary  or  final  Offering  Prospectus  (or  any  amendment  or supplement thereto),  the Conversion  Application or any Blue Sky application or other  instrument  or document of the Company or the  Association  or based upon written  information  supplied  by the Company or the  Association  filed in any state or  jurisdiction  to  register  or qualify any or all of the Shares or the subscription  rights  applicable  thereto  under  the  securities  laws  thereof (collectively,  the  "Blue  Sky  Application"),  or  any  application  or  other document,  advertisement, oral statement, or communication ("Sales Information") prepared,  made or executed  by or on behalf of the Company  with its consent or based upon written or oral information  furnished by or on behalf of the Company or the Association, whether or not filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify or register the Shares under the securities  laws thereof;  (ii) arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of the foregoing documents  or  information,  a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which  they were  made,  not  misleading;  or,  (iii)  arise  from any theory of liability  whatsoever relating to or arising from or based upon the Registration Statement  (or any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  preliminary  or  final Offering  Prospectus  (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  the Conversion Application,   any  Blue  Sky   Application   or  Sales   Information  or  other documentation distributed in connection with the Conversion;  provided, however, that no  indemnification is required under this paragraph (a) to the extent such losses, claims,  damages,  liabilities or actions arise out of or are based upon any untrue  material  statements or alleged  untrue  material  statements in, or material omission or alleged material omission from, the Registration  Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Conversion  Application,  any Blue Sky Application,  the preliminary or final Offering Prospectus (or any amendment or  supplement  thereto),  or Sales  Information  made in  reliance  upon and in conformity with written information  furnished to the Company or the Association by Capital Resources  regarding  Capital  Resources  expressly for use under the caption "The Conversion - Marketing Arrangements" in the Offering Prospectus nor is  indemnification  required for material  oral  misstatements  made by Capital Resources,  which are not based upon information  provided by the Association or the  Company  orally or in  writing  or based on  information  contained  in the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto),  preliminary or final  Offering  Prospectus  (or  any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  the Conversion   Application,   any  Blue  Sky  Application  or  Sales   Information distributed in connection with the Conversion.

                  (b) Capital  Resources  agrees to indemnify  and hold harmless the Company and the Association,  their directors and officers, agents, servants and  employees  and  each  person,  if any,  who  controls  the  Company  or the Association within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act  against  any and all loss,  liability,  claim,  damage or  expense whatsoever (including but not limited to settlement expenses),  joint or several which they,  or any of them,  may suffer or to which they,  or any of them,  may become subject under all applicable federal and state laws or otherwise,  and to promptly  reimburse  the  Company,  the  Association  and any such  persons upon written demand for any expenses  (including fees and  disbursements  of counsel) incurred by them, or any of them, in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any actions,  proceedings or claims (whether  commenced or threatened) to the extent such losses, claims, damages,  liabilities or actions arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact  contained in the  Registration  Statement  (or any amendment of supplement thereto),  or the preliminary or final Offering  Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto),  or the Conversion  Application or any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of the foregoing  documents a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,  not  misleading;  provided,  however,  that Capital Resources  obligations  under this  Section 9(b) shall exist only if and only to the

                                      -24-





extent that such untrue  statement or alleged  untrue  statement was made in, or such material fact or alleged  material fact was omitted from, the  Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  the  preliminary  or final Offering Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto),  or the Conversion Application,  any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information in reliance upon and in  conformity  with  written  information  furnished  to  the  Company  or  the Association by Capital Resources  regarding Capital Resources  expressly for use under the caption  "The  Conversion  - Marketing  Arrangements"  in the Offering Prospectus  or in the event of oral  misstatements  made by  Capital  Resources, which are not based upon information  provided by the Association or the Company orally or in  writing  or based on  information  contained  in the  Registration Statement  (or any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  preliminary  or  final Offering  Prospectus  (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  the Conversion Application,  any  Blue Sky  Application  or Sales  Information  distributed  in connection with the Conversion.

                  (c) Each indemnified party shall give prompt written notice to each indemnifying party of any action,  proceeding,  claim (whether commenced or threatened),  or suit instituted against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought  hereunder,  but  failure to so notify an  indemnifying  party  shall not relieve it from any liability  which it may have on account of this Section 9 or otherwise.  An  indemnifying  party may  participate  at its own  expense in the defense of such action.  In addition,  if it so elects within a reasonable  time after  receipt of such notice,  an  indemnifying  party,  jointly with any other indemnifying  parties  receiving such notice,  may assume defense of such action with  counsel  chosen by it and  approved by the  indemnified  parties  that are defendants in such action,  unless such indemnified parties reasonably object to such assumption on the ground that there may be legal defenses available to them that are different from or in addition to those  available to such  indemnifying party.  If an  indemnifying  party  assumes  the  defense  of such  action,  the indemnifying  parties  shall not be liable for any fees and  expenses of counsel for the indemnified  parties incurred thereafter in connection with such action, proceeding or claim,  other than reasonable costs of investigation.  In no event shall the indemnifying  parties be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one  separate  firm of  attorneys  (and any special  counsel  that said firm may retain)  for  all  indemnified  parties  in  connection  with  any  one  action, proceeding or claim or separate but similar or related  actions,  proceedings or claims in the same jurisdiction  arising out of the same general  allegations or circumstances.

                  (d) The agreements  contained in this Section 9 and in Section 10  hereof  and  the  representations  and  warranties  of the  Company  and the Association set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of: (i) any investigation  made by or on behalf of Capital Resources or its officers, directors or controlling persons, agents or employees or by or on behalf of the Company or the Association or any officers,  directors or controlling persons, agents or employees of the Company or the Association or any controlling  person,  director or officer of the Company or the Association; (ii) delivery of and payment  hereunder for the Shares; or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

                  (e) No  indemnification  by the Association under Section 9(a) hereof nor  contribution  under Section 10 hereof shall be effective if the same shall be deemed to be in violation of any law, rule or regulation  applicable to the  Association  including,  without  limitation,  Section  23A of the  Federal Reserve Act. If the  indemnification  or  contribution by the Association is not effective  pursuant  to the  preceding  sentence,  then the  indemnification  by Capital  Resources  pursuant to Section 9(b) shall be given only to the Company, its  directors  and  officers,  agents,  servants and  employees  and not to the Association,  its directors and officers, agents, servants and employees and the Association  shall not be entitled to any  contribution  from Capital  Resources pursuant to Section 10.

                                      -25-

                  SECTION  10.  Contribution.  In order to provide  for just and equitable  contribution in circumstances in which the  indemnification  provided for in  Section 9 is due in  accordance  with its  terms  but is for any  reason unavailable  as a result of  Section  9(e) or held by a court to be  unavailable from the  Company,  the  Association  or Capital  Resources,  the  Company,  the Association  and Capital  Resources  shall  contribute to the aggregate  losses, claims,  damages and liabilities  (including any investigation,  legal and other expenses  incurred in connection  with, and any amount paid in settlement of any action,  suit or  proceeding  of any claims  asserted,  but after  deducting any contribution  received by the Company or the  Association  or Capital  Resources from  persons  other than the other  party  thereto,  who may also be liable for contribution)  in such  proportion so that Capital  Resources is responsible for that  portion  represented  by the  percentage  that  the fees  paid to  Capital Resources pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement (not including expenses) bears to the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares in the Subscription and Public  Offerings and the Company and the Association  shall be responsible for the balance.  If, however,  the allocation provided above is not permitted  by  applicable  law or if the  indemnified  party  failed to give the notice  required  under  Section 9 above,  then each  indemnifying  party  shall contribute  to such  amount  paid or payable by such  indemnified  party in such proportion  as is  appropriate  to reflect not only such  relative  fault of the Company and the  Association on the one hand and Capital  Resources on the other





in connection  with the  statements or omissions  which resulted in such losses, claims,  damages or  liabilities  (or actions,  proceedings or claims in respect thereof), but also the relative benefits received by the Company and Association on the one hand and Capital  Resources on the other from the offering as well as any other relevant equitable  considerations.  The relative benefits received by the Company and the  Association  on the one hand and Capital  Resources  on the other shall be deemed to be in the same  proportion as the total gross  proceeds from the Subscription and Public Offerings (before deducting  expenses) received by the  Company  bear to the total fees (not  including  expenses)  received  by Capital Resources. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things,  whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the  omission  or  alleged  omission  to state a  material  fact  relates  to information  supplied by the Company  and/or the  Association on the one hand or Capital  Resources on the other and the parties'  relative  intent,  good faith, knowledge,  access to  information  and  opportunity  to correct or prevent such statement or omission.  The Company, the Association and Capital Resources agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 10 were  determined by pro rata  allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 10. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified  party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or action,  proceedings or claims in  respect  thereof)  referred  to above in this  Section 10 shall be deemed to include any legal or other  expenses  reasonably  incurred  by such  indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action,  proceeding or claim. It is expressly agreed that Capital  Resources shall not be liable for any loss,  liability,  claim, damage or expense or be required to contribute any amount which in the aggregate  exceeds the amount paid  (excluding  reimbursable expenses) to Capital  Resources under this Agreement.  It is understood that the above-stated  limitation on Capital Resources' liability is essential to Capital Resources and that Capital  Resources  relied upon such limitation and would not have entered into this  Agreement if such  limitation  had not been agreed to by the  parties  to this  Agreement.  No  person  found  guilty  of any  fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled  to  contribution  from any  person  who was not  found  guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The obligations of the Company and the Association under this Section 10 and under  Section 9 shall be in addition to any liability which the Company and the  Association  may otherwise have. For purposes of this Section 10,  each of Capital  Resources',  the  Company's  or the  Association's officers and directors and each person,  if any, who controls Capital  Resources or the  Company or the  Association  within the  meaning of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act shall  have the same  rights to  contribution  as the  Company  and the Association.

                                      -26-

Any  party  entitled  to  contribution,  promptly  after  receipt  of  notice of commencement  of any action,  suit,  claim or  proceeding  against such party in respect of which a claim for  contribution  may be made  against  another  party under this  Section 10, will  notify  such party from whom  contribution  may be sought,  but the  omission  to so notify  such party shall not relieve the party from whom  contribution  may be sought  from any  other  obligation  it may have hereunder or otherwise than under this Section 10.

                  SECTION  11.  Survival  of  Agreements,   Representations  and Indemnities.  The respective  indemnities of the Company,  the  Association  and Capital Resources and the representations and warranties and other statements of the Company and the  Association set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall  remain  in full  force  and  effect,  regardless  of any  termination  or cancellation  of this  Agreement  or any  investigation  made by or on behalf of Capital  Resources,  the Company,  the  Association  or any  indemnified  person referred to in Section 9 hereof,  and shall  survive the issuance of the Shares, and any legal  representative,  successor  or assign of Capital  Resources,  the Association, and any such indemnified person shall be entitled to the benefit of the respective agreements, indemnities, warranties and representations.

                  SECTION 12.  Termination.  Capital Resources may terminate  this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in this Section at any time after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:

                  (a) In the event the  Company  fails to sell all of the Shares within the period  specified,  and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Conversion  Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by the Association to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Offering Prospectus,  and no party to this  Agreement  shall have any  obligation to the other  hereunder, except  for  payment  by the  Association  and/or  the  Company  as set forth in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.

                  (b) If any of the conditions  specified in Section 8 shall not have been  fulfilled when and as required by this  Agreement,  or by the Closing Date,  or waived in writing  by Capital  Resources,  this  Agreement  and all of Capital Resources  obligations hereunder may be canceled by Capital Resources by notifying the Association of such  cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to the  Closing  Date,  and,  any  such  cancellation  shall be without  Liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise  provided in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.

                  (c) If Capital Resources elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this section,  the Company and the Association  shall be notified as provided in Section 13 hereof,  promptly by Capital  Resources  by  telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.





               SECTION  13.  Notices.  All  communications  hereunder,  except as  herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be mailed in writing and if sent to Capital Resources shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and  confirmed to Capital Resources, Inc.,1701 K Street, N.W., Suite 700, Washington, D.C. 20006 Attention:  Catherine Kozlow Rochester (with a copy to Serchuk & Zelermyer, LLP, 81 Main Street, White Plains, NY 10601, Attention: Clifford S.  Weber, Esq.) and, if sent to the  Company  and the  Association,  shall be mailed,  delivered  or telegraphed  and  confirmed  to the  Company and the  Association  at 161 Church Street, Amsterdam, New York, 12010, (Attention:  John M. Lisicki (with a copy to Malizia,  Spidi,  Sloane & Fisch,  P.C.,  1301 K Street,  N.W.,  Suite 700 East Washington, D.C. 20005, Attention: John J. Spidi, Esq.)

                                      -27-

                  SECTION 14. Parties.  The Company and the Association shall be entitled to act and rely on any request,  notice,  consent,  waiver or agreement purportedly  given on behalf of Capital  Resources when the same shall have been given by the undersigned. Capital Resources shall be entitled to act and rely on any request, notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf or the  Company  or the  Association,  when the same  shall  have been given by the undersigned  or any  other  officer  of the  Company  or the  Association.  This Agreement  shall  inure  solely to the  benefit  of, and shall be binding  upon, Capital Resources and the Company,  the Association and the controlling  persons referred  to in  Section  9  hereof,  and  their  respective  successors,  legal representatives  and assigns,  and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right,  remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provision herein contained.

                  SECTION  15.  Closing.  The closing for the sale of the Shares shall take place on the Closing Date at the offices of Capital Resources or such other location as mutually agreed upon by Capital Resources, the Company and the Association.  At the closing, the Association shall deliver to Capital Resources in next day funds the  commissions,  fees and  expenses due and owing to Capital Resources  as set  forth  in  Sections  2 and 7  hereof  and  the  opinions  and certificates  required hereby and other documents deemed reasonably necessary by Capital  Resources  shall be executed  and  delivered  to effect the sale of the Shares  as  contemplated  hereby  and  pursuant  to the  terms  of the  Offering Prospectus.

                  SECTION 16.  Partial  Invalidity.  In the event that any term, provision or covenant herein or the application  thereof to any circumstances or situation shall be invalid or unenforceable,  in whole or in part, the remainder hereof and the  application  of said term,  provision  or  covenant to any other circumstance  or  situation  shall  not be  affected  thereby,  and  each  term, provision or covenant  herein shall be valid and  enforceable to the full extent permitted by law.

                  SECTION 17.  Construction.  This Agreement shall be construed  in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia.

                  SECTION 18.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be an  original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

                  Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement.

                                      -28-

                  If the foregoing  correctly sets forth the  arrangement  among the Company,  the Association and Capital Resources,  please indicate acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose,  whereupon this letter and Capital Resources' acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement.

                                        Very truly yours,

                                        AFSALA BANCORP, INC.

                                        By: ________________________________                                                  John M. Lisicki, President and                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                                        AMSTERDAM FEDERAL SAVINGS AND                                         LOAN ASSOCIATION

                                        By:  ________________________________                                                  John M. Lisicki, President and                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                  Accepted as of the date first above written.

CAPITAL RESOURCES, INC.





By:  _____________________________________          Catherine K. Rochester, President

                                      -29-
ODM - SUPPLY AGREEMENT BETWEEN: ORGANIC PREPARATIONS INC. 2nd Floor, Transpacific Haus Lini Highway, Port Vila. Vanuatu "the Manufacturer" -- AND -- AGAPE ATP INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED Unit 05, 4F, Energy Plaza No. 92, Granville Road Tsim Sha Tsui East Kowloon, Hong Kong "the Customer"

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





ODM SUPPLY AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT is made on the 15t h day of January 2018. BETWEEN: ORGANIC PREPARATIONS INC. 2nd Floor, Transpacific Haus Lini Highway, Port Vila. Vanuatu ('the Manufacturer') of one part AND: AGAPE ATP INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED Unit 05, 4F, Energy Plaza No. 92, Granville Road Tsim Sha Tsui East Kowloon, Hong Kong ('the Customer') of the other part. RECITALS a. The Manufacturer wishes to appoint the Customer to be the sole and exclusive agent for the promotion, sales, marketing distribution and administration of the Products listed in schedule A of this agreement. b. The Manufacturer and the Customer wish to record their agreement under the stipulations of this Agreement. NOW IT IS AGREED as follows:- 1. TERMS OF AGREEMENT 1.1 Commencement This agreement commences upon execution of this document. 1.2 Term This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years. 1.3 Renewal This agreement will be automatically renewed at the end of every ten (10) year term, with each subsequent term of renewal being for a ten (10) year term. A six (6) months notice must be given by either party of their intention to terminate relations due to any reason other than breach of this agreement. ODM Supply Agreement 2 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





2. PROVISION OF DOCUMENTATION 2.1 Provision by the Manufacturer The Manufacturer agrees to supply to the Customer, within a reasonable period of time, all documentation and information relating to the Products and their Manufacture as is required for the registration of the Products in the Territories as listed in Schedule C of this document. The party responsible for documentation fees and costs will be the Customer. 2.2 Provision by the Customer The Customer agrees to supply to the Manufacturer at its own expense, within a reasonable period of time, all documentation and information as is reasonably required by or would be beneficial to the Manufacturer in the performance of its obligations under this agreement. 3. COVENANTS BY THE MANUFACTURER 3.1 Compliance with Local Laws and Regulations The Manufacturer covenants that it is and will remain for the term of this agreement in compliance with any and all Local Laws and Regulations. This includes without limitation laws relating to business practice, workplace relations, safety and taxation. 3.2 Manufacturing standards The Manufacturer covenants that it is and will remain for the term of this agreement in compliance with all International standards in production and manufacturing. 3.3 Packaging The Manufacturer covenants that it is and will remain for the term of this agreement in compliance with any and all packaging laws and regulations in all of the Territories. 3.4 Ability to Perform The Manufacturer covenants that it is willing and able to perform any and all of its obligations under this agreement. 3.5 Intellectual Property 3.5 (a) The Manufacturer covenants that the Products are clear of any Intellectual Property claims by third parties and that the Customer has full rights to sell and market the Products worldwide. The Manufacturer indemnifies the Customer for the same. ODM Supply Agreement 3 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





3.5 (b) The composition of the below individuals is also relevant and related to the Intellectual Property of the Manufacturer. The following names listed as Medical Team members, and any subsequent consultations in that capacity, are considered the Intellectual Property of The Manufacturer: 1. Dr Lily Tomas 2. Dr Bernd Friedlander 3. Mr Markus Eistert 4. Dr Ed Smith 5. Mr Vic Cherikoff 6. Dr Pavel Yutsis 7. Dr Michael Tirant 8. Mr Frank Ellis 9. Mr Peter Davids 10. Dr Rutledge Taylor The list shall be expanded and added to in future addendums to this agreement. 3.6 Sale of Product The Manufacturer covenants not to sell any product listed in this agreement, or product name (as listed in schedule A of this agreement) to any other party without prior written consent of the Customer. 4. COVENANTS BY THE CUSTOMER 4.1 Compliance with Local Laws and Regulations The Customer covenants that it is and will remain for the term of this agreement in compliance with any and all Local Laws and Regulations. This includes without limitation laws relating to business practice, workplace relations, safety and taxation. 4.2 Ability to Perform The Customer covenants that it is and will remain for the term of this agreement willing and able to perform any and all of its obligations under this agreement. 4.3 Market Penetration The Customer covenants to give its best endeavours to establish and develop a market for the Products in the Territories with maximum market penetration. ODM Supply Agreement 4 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





5. SHIPPING AND PAYMENT TERMS 5.1 Shipping Products delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be suitably packed for shipment in the Manufacturer's standard shipping cartons, marked for shipment to the destination specified in the Customer's Purchase Order, and delivered to the destination Ex Works. The Customer agrees to pay freight, insurance and any associated expenses. The Customer agrees to help the Manufacturer select the most appropriate carrier for each of the Territories. All freight, insurance, and other shipping expenses shall be paid by the Customer. 5.2 Guarantee of packaging quality The Manufacturer further guarantees that the Products, when shipped, are packaged in such a way as to be protected from any foreseeable damage during shipment. 5.3 Rejection of defective products The Customer shall inspect all Products promptly upon receipt thereof and may reject any defective Product, provided that the Customer shall within seven (7) days after receipt of such alleged defective Product, notify the Manufacturer of its rejection and either: (i) request to destroy in field for credit of the value of the defective product and the associated shipping costs (with approval), or (ii) request a Return Material Authorization ("RMA") number and within seven (7) days of receipt of the RMA number from the Manufacturer return such rejected Product to the Manufacturer. Products not rejected within the foregoing time periods shall be deemed accepted by the Customer. In the event that the Manufacturer determines that the returned Product is defective and properly rejected by the Customer, the Manufacturer shall credit to the Customer the value of the defective product and the associated shipping costs. 5.4 Payment terms Unless separate payment terms are agreed to outside of this Agreement by both parties in writing, payment terms will be as follows: (i) 50% of the Total Order Cost must be paid on placement of the customer's order. (ii) The remaining 50% of the total order cost must be paid prior to the goods leaving the warehouse of the manufacturer. The Manufacturer will notify the Customer when the goods are ready for shipment prior to the goods leaving the warehouse. ODM Supply Agreement 5 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





6. INDEMNITY / INSURANCE 6.1 The Manufacturing Companies utilised by the Agent to manufacture the products listed in Schedule A of this agreement shall maintain throughout the term of this agreement product liability insurance issued by a reputable insurance company under standard terms and conditions in the industry to cover the liability of the Customer and to indemnity the Customer from any costs, expenses, loss or damages resulting from any act, neglect or default of the company. 6.2 The Customer shall at all times during the term of this agreement maintain product liability insurance, covering all products sold by the Manufacturer to the Customer and which policy shall name the Manufacturer as Additional Insured. 7. BREACH / TERMINATION 7.1 Notice of Breach Each party has an obligation to notify immediately the other party of any breach of this agreement. 7.2 Rectification of Breach Where the breach is rectifiable, the breaching party has 21 days from the date of notification of its breach to rectify. Following the expiry of this period, the non-breaching party may execute any rights it may have both in law and under this agreement. 7.3 Rights to termination Without prejudice to any right or remedy both parties may have against each other for breach or non-performance of this Agreement each party shall have the right to summarily terminate this Agreement: (a) On the committing of a material breach of this agreement providing that where the breach is capable of rectification the breaching party has been advised in writing of the breach and has not rectified it within twenty-one (21) days of receipt of such advice. (b) On the commencement of the winding up or bankruptcy of either party or on the appointment of a receiver of the distributor's assets or on either party ceasing to do business at any time for thirty consecutive days (other than for annual holidays). (c) On either party for any reason (other than a default of the other party) being substantially prevented from performing or becoming unable to perform its obligations under this agreement. (d) On either party assigning or attempting to assign this agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. ODM Supply Agreement 6 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





(e) If control of either party shall pass from the present shareholders or owners or controllers to other persons whom the other party shall in their absolute discretion regard as unsuitable. (f) Either parties voting stock is transferred to any third party to such extent as to result in a change in effective control of the company or its ownership or active management is changed in any other manner. The termination of this agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of either party to payment or other claims due or accrued up to the termination of this agreement. For termination to be effective, written notice of termination must be served on the other party. Where valid, termination takes effect immediately upon service. 8. ARBITRATION 8.1 Any and all disputes, claims or differences arising out of or relating to this agreement or the alleged breach thereto shall be settled by mutual consultation between the parties in good faith as promptly as possible but failing such amicable settlement, shall be decided by Arbitration by the Arbitration Committee of the International Chamber of Commerce located in Switzerland. 8.2 The language to be used in the Arbitration proceedings shall be English. 8.3 The award/decision of the Arbitration Committee shall be final and binding on both the parties and enforceable in any jurisdiction. 9. COSTS Each of the parties shall bare its own legal costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with this agreement and any stamp duty payable under this agreement shall be borne by equally by both parties. 10. GOVERNING LAW This agreement shall be governed by the Laws of England (English common and statutory Law). 11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Manufacturer is the owner of the intellectual Property pertaining to the products listed in schedule A of this agreement as well as to the book 'How to Achieve Super Health beyond 2000 - Advanced Edition' ODM Supply Agreement 7 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





12. TRANSFER OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Manufacturer agrees to offer the Customer the first right of refusal to purchase the intellectual property for the products listed in Schedule A of this agreement based upon agreed terms. 13. APPOINTMENT AND GRANT OF LICENSE 13.1 The Manufacturer hereby appoints the Customer to be the sole and exclusive agent for the promotion, sales, marketing, distribution and administration of the products listed in schedule A of this agreement based on minimum annual product purchase requirements as listed in Schedule B of this agreement. 13.2 The Manufacturer grants exclusive rights to the Customer for the term of ten (10) years from the date of the signing of this agreement and for an indefinite period upon the customer fulfilling the minimum annual purchase requirement as listed in Schedule B. of this agreement. 14. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 14.1 Notice Any notice to be served under this agreement must be served by sending it to the usual business address of the recipient by ordinary mail, facsimile, or personal delivery, and in the case of ordinary mail service will be deemed to occur one (1) day after the date of posting, and in all other cases deemed to occur on the same day. 14.2 Entire Agreement This agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements relating thereto, written or oral, between the parties. Amendments to this agreement must be in writing, signed by the duly authorized officers of the parties. The terms of any purchase order are expressly excluded 14.3 Conflicting Terms The parties agree that the terms and conditions of this agreement shall prevail, notwithstanding contrary or additional terms, in any purchase order, sales acknowledgment, confirmation or any other document issued by either party effecting the purchase and/or sale of Products. 14.4 Severability If any provision of this agreement is held to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions will nevertheless remain in full force and effect. The parties agree to renegotiate in good faith those provisions so held to be invalid to be valid, enforceable provisions which provisions shall reflect as closely as possible the original intent of the parties, and further agree to be bound by the mutually agreed substitute provisions. ODM Supply Agreement 8 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





14.5 No Implied Waivers The failure of either party at any time to require performance by the other of any provision hereof shall not affect the right of such party to require performance at any time thereafter, nor shall the waiver of either party of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of a provision itself. 14.6 Assignment The Manufacturer may not transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under this agreement without the prior written consent of the Customer. The Customer may not freely transfer or assign its rights or obligations under this agreement without the prior written consent of the Manufacturer. Subject to the foregoing, this agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their successors and assignees. 14.7 Force Majeure Neither party to this agreement is liable to the other for a breach of this agreement when the breach is as a result of the occurrence of one of the events below: (i) The outbreak of hostilities (whether or not accompanied by any formal declaration of war), riot, civil disturbance, or acts of terrorism; or (ii) The act of any government or competent authority (including the cancellation or revocation of any approval, authority or permit); or (iii) Fire, explosion, flood, inclement weather, or natural disaster; or (iv) The declaration of a state of emergency or the invocation of martial law having an effect on commerce generally; or (v) Industrial action (including strikes and lock-outs) that is of a widespread nature affecting the Principal solely or the industry or sector of which the Principal is a part (whether in a vertical sense or horizontal sense); or (vi) Any other cause, impediment or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of any party. Where the occurrence of one of the above events is to any extent as a result of an act or omission of the breaching party, this section will not apply. 14.8 New Products Designed, Formulated and Supplied by the Manufacturer The Manufacturer agrees to maintain its focus on the design and formulation of new products and agrees to provide the Customer with one new product each quarter for a minimum of four (4) new products per year. The Manufacturer agrees to give the Customer exclusive rights to the marketing, promotion and sales of the new products should the Customer decide to take on the new products. ODM Supply Agreement 9 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





14.9 Other products outside of the product range listed in schedule A of this document The Manufacturer agrees that the Customer has the right under this agreement to consider, source, promote, market and sell other product outside of the products listed in Schedule A of this agreement in line with the following assumptions: That they are non-competing products to the range of products or those products listed in schedule A of this agreement. 14.10 HOW TO ACHIEVE SUPER HEALTH BEYOND 2000 - ADVANCED EDITION BOOK The Manufacturer has appointed the Customer the copyright holder of both the English and the Chinese version of the book How to achieve Super Health beyond 2000 - Advanced Edition, authored by Frank D.P. Ellis and Dr. Michael Tait M.D. This appointment shall be deemed valid provided the Customer fulfils and maintains the criteria of this agreement. The Customer will provide the Manufacturer with prior notification of printing runs of the book and the quantity of books to be printed in each run. The Customer will compensate the Manufacturer the amount of AUS $1.00 per book prior to printing. ODM Supply Agreement 10 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





EQUITY HOLDINGS LIMITED by the duly authorised Officer: __________________________________ ____________________________ Common Seal of Organic Preparations INC.  was hereunto affixed in the presence of Duly authorized to sign on behalf of Organic Preparations INC. Date 15 JANAURY, 2018 In the presence of: Witness Signature ____________________ Date 15 JANAURY, 2018 Witness Name Mercy Saula Address 2nd Floor, Transpacific Hous, Port Vila, Vanuatu. Signed under common seal of Agape ATP International Holding Limited with authority of the board. Signature ______________ Name How Kok Choong ______________________ Common Seal of Agape ATP International Holding Limited Date 31 JANAURY, 2018 In the presence of: Witness Signature ___________________________ Date 31 JANAURY, 2018 Witness Name Ku Suat Hong Address 17-1, 17-2, 17-3, 17-4, Wisma Laxton, Jalan Desa,Taman Desa, Off Jalan Klang Lama, 58100 Kuala Lumpur. ODM Supply Agreement 11 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





SCHEDULE A - The Products at Commencement Product names: ATP 1S Survivor Select ATP 2 Energized Mineral Concentrate ATP 3 Ionized Cal-Mag ATP 4 Omega Blend ATP 5 BetaMaxx AGP 1 Iron YFA Young Formula ORYC Organic Soap SCHEDULE B - Minimum Annual Product Performance Requirements Performance targets have been discussed between the Manufacturer and the Customer to determine fair and reasonable performance targets. Minimum Annual Product Performance Requirements are listed below: Product Name: Agreed Quantity of Units to be purchased per Annum: ATP 1 S Survivor Select 150gm packaged 15,000 ATP 2 Energized Mineral Concentrate 29.5mL packaged 20,000 ATP 3 Ionized Cal-Mag 114gm packaged 15,000 ATP 4 Omega Blend 250mL packaged 15,000 ATP 5 BetaMaxx 150gm packaged 15,000 AGP 1 Iron 29.5mL packaged 1000 YFA Young Formula 450gm packaged 3000 ORYC Organic Soap 150gm packaged 2500 ODM Supply Agreement 12 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019





SCHEDULE C - THE TERRITORIES The Territories consisting of the following Countries: Global - All countries ODM Supply Agreement 13 Organic Preparations INC. & Agape ATP International Holding Limited

Source: AGAPE ATP CORP, 10-K/A, 12/2/2019
Exhibit 10.3

[***] Certain information in this document has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such excluded information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed.

Execution Copy

LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 4, 2020

BY AND BETWEEN

XENCOR, INC.

AND

AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE 1 Definitions 1

ARTICLE 2 Licenses 13

ARTICLE 3 Development 16

ARTICLE 4 Regulatory 17

ARTICLE 5 Commercialization 19

ARTICLE 6 Supply 20

ARTICLE 7 Payments 21

ARTICLE 8 Payment; Records; Audits 24

ARTICLE 9 Intellectual Property Matters 26

ARTICLE 10 Representations, Warranties and Covenants; Compliance 31

ARTICLE 11 Indemnification 34

ARTICLE 12 Confidentiality 36

ARTICLE 13 Term and Termination 40

ARTICLE 14 Effects of Expiration Or Termination 40

ARTICLE 15 Miscellaneous 43

Schedule 1.10 Antibody 50

Schedule 1.79 Xencor General Patents 51

Schedule 1.81 Xencor Product Specific Patents 52

Schedule 2.7 Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data 53

Schedule 6.1 Initial Product Supply 54

Schedule 10.2.6 Exceptions 55

Schedule 12.2 Initial Press Release 56

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

This License, Development and Commercialization Agreement (this "Agreement"), dated as of February 4, 2020 (the "Effective Date"), is made by and between Xencor, Inc. ("Xencor"), and Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. ("Aimmune"). Xencor and Aimmune are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Xencor has developed the Antibody (as defined below);

WHEREAS, Aimmune is interested in further developing and commercializing the Antibody; and

WHEREAS, Xencor wishes to grant a license to Aimmune under certain intellectual property rights related to the Antibody to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Product (as defined below), and Aimmune wishes to take such license, in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below.

NO W THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in this ARTICLE 1 or as otherwise defined elsewhere in this Agreement:

1.1 "Active Ingredient" means any substance (whether chemical or biologic) or mixture of substances intended to be used in the manufacture of a drug (medicinal) product that, when used in the production of such drug, becomes a therapeutically active ingredient of the drug product, and which such substance or mixture of substances is intended to furnish pharmacological activity or other direct effect in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease or to affect the structure or function of the body.

1.2 "Affiliate" means with respect to any person, any other person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such person; provided, that, for purposes of this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the terms "controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any person, shall mean (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise, or (ii) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting securities of such person. For purposes of this Section 1.2, "person" means mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, syndicate, person (including a "person" as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder), trust, association, entity or government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality of a government. 1

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.3 "Aimmune Agreement Entities" means Aimmune's Affiliates and Sublicensees (excluding distributors).

1.4 "Aimmune Common Stock" means Aimmune's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

1.5 "Aimmune Field" means the field of [***].

1.6 "Aimmune Invention" means an Invention that is Invented, solely or jointly with a Third Party, by or on behalf of Aimmune or its Affiliates.

1.7 "Aimmune Know-How" means any and all Know-How, whether or not patented or patentable, that is Controlled by Aimmune or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term that is necessary or reasonably useful in connection with the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization or other use of the Antibody or Product.

1.8 "Aimmune Patent" means any Patent that (i) (a) is Controlled by Aimmune (or its Affiliates) as of the Effective Date or comes under the Control of Aimmune (or its Affiliates) during the Term (other than as a result of the licenses granted by Xencor to Aimmune under this Agreement) and (b) that would be infringed by the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization or use of the Antibody or Product or that claims or Covers Aimmune Know-How, or (ii) is an Aimmune Collaboration Patent.

1.9 "Aimmune Technology" means Aimmune Know-How and Aimmune Patents.

1.10 "Antibody" means Xencor's humanized antibody known as XmAb7195 having the sequence listed in Schedule 1.10.

1.11 "Anti-Corruption Laws" means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010, as amended, as well as Applicable Law related to the prevention of fraud, racketeering, money laundering or terrorism.

1.12 "Applicable Law" means any applicable United States federal, state or local or foreign or multinational law, statute, standard, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, resolution or promulgation, or any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, ruling, determination or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority, or any license, franchise, permit or similar right granted under any of the foregoing, or any similar provision having the force or effect of law. For the avoidance of doubt, any specific references to any Applicable Law or any portion thereof, shall be deemed to include all then- current amendments thereto or any replacement or successor law, statute, standard, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, resolution, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, ruling, or determination thereto. 2

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.13 "Baseline Quarter Net Sales" means, on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, the average cumulative Net Sales of such Product in such country during the [***] Calendar Quarters that [***]precede the Calendar Quarter during which a Generic Product with respect to such Product is first commercially sold in such country. For example, if a Generic Product with respect to a given Product is commercially sold in the U.S. for the first time on [***], then the Baseline Quarter Net Sales with respect to such Product and U.S. are the cumulative Net Sales of such Product in the U.S. during the [***] Calendar Quarters of [***] divided by [***].

1.14 "Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or bank or other public holiday in California.

1.15 "Calendar Quarter" means each three (3) month period commencing January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 of any year; provided, however, that (a) the first Calendar Quarter of the Term shall extend from the Effective Date to the end of the first full Calendar Quarter thereafter, and (b) the last Calendar Quarter of the Term shall end upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

1.16 "Calendar Year" means the period beginning on the 1st of January and ending on the 31st of December of the same year; provided, however, that (a) the first Calendar Year of the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and end on December 31 of the same year and (b) the last Calendar Year of the Term shall commence on January 1 of the Calendar Year in which this Agreement terminates or expires and end on the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement.

1.17 "Clinical Trial" means a clinical trial, including any a Phase I Clinical Trial, Phase II Clinical Trial, Phase III Clinical Trial, or Phase IV Clinical Trial, as the case may be, and as any such trial is defined by an applicable Regulatory Authority.

1.18 "Co-pay Program" means a program to support patient access to a Product whereby the Product manufacturer makes payments to a Third Party equal to all or part of the difference between the price of Product prescribed to a patient and the amount such patient pays for such Product through such patient's insurance plan.

1.19 "Combination Product" means any Product containing an Active Ingredient that is not an Antibody. Such Combination Product shall be either (a) priced and sold in a single package containing such multiple products or (b) packaged separately but sold together for a single price.

1.20 "Commercialize" means, with respect to the Product, to promote, market, distribute, sell (and offer for sale or contract to sell), import, export, or otherwise commercially exploit or provide product support for the Product and to conduct activities, other than Development or Manufacturing, in preparation for conducting the foregoing activities, including activities to produce commercialization support data and to secure and maintain market access and reimbursement. "Commercializing" and "Commercialization" shall have correlative meanings. For the avoidance of doubt, Commercialization does not include Development and Manufacturing. 3

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.21 "Commercially Reasonable Efforts" means, with respect to the efforts to be expended by a Party with respect to any objective (e.g., Development Activities and Commercialization hereunder), the level of efforts consistent with the efforts and resources [***] of similar market potential, at a similar stage in development or product lifecycle, taking into account the stage of development or product lifecycle of other of [***] product candidates, safety and efficacy, product profile, cost of goods, the competitiveness of the marketplace, such company's patent position with respect to such product (including such company's ability to obtain or enforce, or have obtained or enforced, such patent rights), the Third Party patent landscape relevant to the product, the regulatory structure involved, the likelihood of regulatory approval, the likelihood and extent of anticipated or actual profitability of the applicable product, and other technical, legal, scientific and medical considerations. Without limiting the foregoing, Commercially Reasonable Efforts requires, with respect to such obligations, that a Party: (i) promptly assign responsibility for such obligation to specific employee(s) who are held accountable for progress and monitor such progress on an on-going basis, (ii) set objectives for carrying out such obligations, and (iii) allocate resources designed to advance progress with respect to such objectives.

1.22 "Control" or "Controlled by" means, with respect to any Know-How, Invention, Patent, technology, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right, possession by a Party or its Affiliates (whether by ownership, license grant or other means) of the legal right to grant the right to access or use, or to grant a license or a sublicense to, such Know-How, Invention, Patent, technology, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right as provided for herein without violating the proprietary rights of any Third Party or any terms of any agreement or other arrangement between such Party (or any of its Affiliates) and any Third Party.

1.23 "Cover" or "Covering" means, with respect to a particular subject matter at issue and a relevant Patent, that the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of such subject matter would, but for the existence of this Agreement, infringe one or more claims in such Patents (or in the case of a Patent application, would infringe if such application were to issue).

1.24 "Designated Officer" means, with respect to Xencor, the Chief Executive Officer of Xencor (or its designee), and, with respect to Aimmune, the Chief Executive Officer of Aimmune (or its designee).

1.25 "Develop" means to research, develop, analyze, test and conduct preclinical trials, Clinical Trials (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Phase IV Clinical Trials and any preclinical/clinical/CMC commitments following Regulatory Approval) and all other regulatory trials, for the Product, as well as any and all activities pertaining to manufacturing development, formulation development, medical affairs and lifecycle management, including new indications, new formulations and all other activities, including regulatory activities, related to securing and maintaining Regulatory Approval for the Product, or otherwise characterizing or understanding the properties and uses of the Antibody or the Product. "Developing" and "Development" shall have correlative meanings. 4

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.26 "Development Activities" means those Development activities undertaken by or on behalf of Aimmune with respect to the Product.

1.27 "Dollar" or "$" means the legal tender of the United States of America.

1.28 "E.U. Major Countries" means the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain.

1.29 "FDA" means the United States Food and Drug Administration and any successor Regulatory Authority having substantially the same function.

1.30 "FD&C Act" means the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.31 "First Commercial Sale" means, with respect to a Product in any country, the first shipment of such Product to a Third Party in such country for end use or consumption of such Product in such country after Regulatory Approval of such Product in such country or, if earlier, the invoicing of a Third Party for such shipment.

1.32 "Force Majeure" means any circumstances whatsoever which are not within the reasonable control of the Party affected thereby, potentially including an act of God, war, act of terrorism, insurrection, riot, strike or labor dispute, shortage of materials, fire, explosion, flood, earthquake, government requisition or allocation, breakdown of or damage to plant, equipment or facilities, interruption or delay in transportation, fuel supplies or electrical power, embargo, boycott, order or act of civil or military authority.

1.33 "Generic Product" means, with respect to a Product and on a country-by-country basis, a product that (a) is marketed for sale in such country [***], (b) contains or comprises an antibody with the [***], (c) is approved [***], and (d) such product, as and to the extent required, is approved through an abbreviated process based in reliance, at least in part, on the safety and efficacy data generated for the prior Regulatory Approval of such Product by Aimmune or an Aimmune Agreement Entity in such country (similar, with respect to the United States, to an Abbreviated New Drug Applications under Section 505(j) of the FD&C Act (21 USC 355(j))) or is approved as a "Biosimilar Biologic Product" under Title VII, Subtitle A Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, Section 42 U.S.C. 262, Section 351 of the PHSA, or, outside the United States, in accordance with European Directive 2001/83/EC on the Community Code for medicinal products (Article 10(4) and Section 4, Part II of Annex I) and European Regulation EEC/2309/93 establishing the community procedures for the authorization and evaluation of medicinal products, each as amended, and together with all associated guidance, and any counterparts thereof or equivalent process inside or outside of the United States or EU to the foregoing.

1.34 "Good Clinical Practices" or "GCP" means all applicable Good Clinical Practice standards for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analyses and reporting of clinical trials, including, as applicable, (i) as set forth in the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of 5

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Pharmaceuticals for Human Use ("ICH") Harmonised Tripartite Guideline for Good Clinical Practice (CPMP/ICH/135/95) and any other guidelines for good clinical practice for trials on medicinal products, (ii) the Declaration of Helsinki (1964) as last amended at the 64t h World Medical Association in October 2013 and any further amendments or clarifications thereto, (iii) U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Title 21, Parts 50 (Protection of Human Subjects), 56 (Institutional Review Boards) and 312 (Investigational New Drug Application), as may be amended from time to time, and (iv) the equivalent Applicable Law in any relevant country, each as may be amended and applicable from time to time and in each case, that provide for, among other things, assurance that the clinical data and reported results are credible and accurate and protect the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial subjects.

1.35 "Good Laboratory Practices" or "GLP" means all applicable Good Laboratory Practice standards, including, as applicable, (i) as set forth in the then-current good laboratory practice standards promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 58, and (ii) the equivalent Applicable Law in any relevant country, each as may be amended and applicable from time to time.

1.36 "Good Manufacturing Practices" or "GMP" means all applicable Good Manufacturing Practices including, as applicable, (i) the principles detailed in the U.S. Current Good Manufacturing Practices, 21 C.F.R. Sections 210, 211, 601 and 610, (ii) the principles detailed in the ICH Q7 guidelines, and (iii) the equivalent Applicable Law in any relevant country, each as may be amended and applicable from time to time.

1.37 "Government Official" means: (i) any official, officer, employee, representative, or anyone acting in an official capacity on behalf of: (a) any government or any department or agency thereof; (b) any public international organization (such as the United Nations, the International Monetary Fund, the International Red Cross, or the World Health Organization), or any department, agency, or institution thereof; or (c) any government-owned or controlled company, institution, or other entity, including a government-owned hospital or university; (ii) any political party or party official; and (iii) any candidate for political office.

1.38 "Governmental Authority" means any United States federal, state or local, or any foreign, government or political subdivision thereof, or any multinational organization or authority, or any authority, agency or commission entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power, any court or tribunal (or any department, bureau or division thereof), or any governmental arbitrator or arbitral body. For clarity, any Regulatory Authority shall be a Governmental Authority.

1.39 "IFRS" means international financial reporting standards, or with respect to the U.S., as appropriate, generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP), in each case, consistently applied.

1.40 "IND" means an investigational new drug application, clinical trial authorization or similar application or submission for approval to conduct human clinical investigations filed with or submitted to a Regulatory Authority in conformance with the requirements of such Regulatory Authority. 6

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.41 "Invented" means the acts of (an) inventor(s), as determined in accordance with Applicable Law relating to inventorship set forth in the patent laws of the United States (Title 35, United States Code), in first conceiving an Invention.

1.42 "Invention" means any discovery or invention, whether or not patentable, conceived or otherwise made by either Party, or by both Parties, in exercising its rights or performing its obligations under this Agreement.

1.43 "Joint Invention" means an Invention that is Invented jointly by an employee of, or Person under an obligation of assignment to, each of Xencor and Aimmune or their respective Affiliates.

1.44 "Know-How" means all technical, scientific, regulatory and other information, results, knowledge, techniques and data, in whatever form and whether or not confidential, patented or patentable, including Inventions, invention disclosures, discoveries, plans, processes, practices, methods, knowledge, trade secrets, know-how, instructions, skill, experience, ideas, concepts, data (including biological, chemical, pharmacological, toxicological, pharmaceutical, physical and analytical, safety, quality control, and preclinical and clinical data), formulae, formulations, compositions, specifications, marketing, pricing, distribution, cost, sales and manufacturing data or descriptions. Know-How does not include any Patent claiming any of the foregoing.

1.45 "Licensed Field" means the diagnosis, treatment or prevention of human diseases and conditions.

1.46 "Major Territory" means the [***].

1.47 "Manufacture" or "Manufacturing" or "Manufactured" means, with respect to the Antibody and Product, the receipt, handling and storage of Active Ingredients, drug substance or drug product, medical devices and other materials, the manufacturing, processing, Packaging and Labeling, holding (including storage), quality assurance and quality control testing (including release) of the Antibody and Product (other than quality assurance and quality control related to development of the manufacturing process, which activities shall be considered Development Activities) and shipping of the Antibody and Product.

1.48 "Marketing Authorization Application" or "MAA" means an application to the appropriate Regulatory Authority for approval to sell the Product (but excluding Pricing Approval) in any particular country or regulatory jurisdiction, including a Biologics License Application as described in 21 C.F.R. 601.2, as amended.

1.49 "Medical Science Liaison" means an individual who is employed by or on behalf of Aimmune or its Affiliates and who provides educational services and other educational efforts directed towards the medical and/or scientific community. 7

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.50 "Net Sales" means, with respect to a Product, the gross amount invoiced for sales of a Product by a Selling Party to Third Parties for end use, less the following deductions from such gross amounts to the extent attributable to such Product and to the extent actually incurred, allowed, accrued or specifically allocated:

(a) credits or allowances actually granted for damaged Product, returns or rejections of Product, price adjustments and billing errors;

(b) governmental and other rebates (or equivalents thereof) granted to managed health care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers (or equivalents thereof), federal, state, provincial, local and other governments, their agencies and purchasers and reimbursers or to trade customers;

(c) normal and customary trade, cash and quantity discounts, allowances and credits actually allowed or paid;

(d) payments made as part of a Co-pay Program for a Product; and

(e) sales taxes, VAT taxes and other taxes directly linked to the sales of Product;

all as determined in accordance with IFRS on a basis consistent with the Selling Party's annual audited financial statements.

Net Sales shall not include sales to Affiliates, Sublicensees or contractors engaged by Aimmune to Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Product, solely to the extent that such Affiliate, Sublicensees or contractor purchasing the Product resells such Product to a Third Party. However, subsequent sales of Product by such Aimmune Affiliates, Sublicensees or contractors to a Third Party shall be included in the Net Sales when sold in the market for end-user use.

Further, any use, supply or provision of Product by Aimmune or Aimmune Agreement Entities at no cost or at a de minimis cost not to exceed [***] percent ([***]%) of the fully burdened cost thereof (i) in connection with patient assistance programs, (ii) for charitable or promotional purposes, (iii) for preclinical, clinical, regulatory or governmental purposes, or compassionate use or other similar programs, or (iv) for tests or studies reasonably necessary to comply with any Applicable Law, regulation or request by a Regulatory Authority shall not be included in Net Sales of Product. Sale or transfer of Products among the Aimmune Agreement Entities shall not result in any Net Sales, in which case Net Sales shall be based only on any subsequent sales or dispositions to a Third Party; provided that the Aimmune Agreement Entity is not an end user.

In no event shall any particular amount identified above be deducted more than once in calculating Net Sales (i.e., no "double counting" of reductions).

In the event that Product is sold as part of a financial bundle with other products or included in financial package deals to customers and in such case, the price of Product relevant for the calculation of Net Sales will be the average invoiced sales price of Product in the preceding Calendar Quarter sold separately less the average discount of all products sold as part of such bundle or package. 8

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





For Net Sales of a Combination Product, the Net Sales applicable to such Combination Product in a country will be determined by multiplying the total Net Sales of such combined product by the fraction A/(A+B), where A is the actual price of the Product that is included in such Combination Product in the same dosage amount or quantities in the applicable country during the applicable quarter if sold separately, and B is the sum of the actual prices of all other products with which such Product is combined in such Combination Product, in the same dosage amount or quantities in the applicable country during the applicable quarter if sold separately. If A or B cannot be determined because values for such Product or such other products with which such Product is combined are not available separately in a particular country, then the Parties shall discuss an appropriate allocation for the fair market value of such Product and such other products with which such Product is combined to mutually determine Net Sales for the relevant transactions based on an equitable method of determining the same that takes into account, in the applicable territory, the relative contribution of each Active Ingredient, variations in dosage formulation and relative value to the end user of each Active Ingredient.

1.51 "Patents" means any and all (i) issued patents, (ii) pending patent applications, including all provisional applications, substitutions, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals and renewals, and all patents granted thereon, (iii) patents-of-addition, reissues, and reexaminations, including patent term adjustments, Patent Term Extensions, supplementary protection certificates or the equivalent thereof, (iv) inventor's certificates, (v) other forms of government-issued rights substantially similar to any of the foregoing, and (vi) United States and foreign counterparts of any of the foregoing.

1.52 "Patent Term Extension" means any term extensions, supplementary protection certificates and equivalents thereof offering Patent protection beyond the initial term with respect to any issued Patents.

1.53 "Person" means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, joint venture, Governmental Authority, association or other entity.

1.54 "Phase I Clinical Trial" means a study in humans which provides for the first introduction into humans of a product, conducted in normal volunteers or patients to generate information on product safety, tolerability, pharmacological activity or pharmacokinetics, as more fully defined in 21 CFR 312.21(a) or comparable regulations in any country or jurisdiction outside the U.S., and any amended or successor regulations.

1.55 "Phase II Clinical Trial" means a study in humans for which a primary endpoint is a preliminary determination of efficacy in patients with the disease being studied, as more fully defined in 21 CFR 312.21(b) or comparable regulations in any country or jurisdiction outside the U.S., and any amended or successor regulations. Phase II Clinical Trial shall include in all cases any phase I/II clinical trial.

1.56 "Phase III Clinical Trial" means a controlled study in humans that is performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of a product has been obtained, and is intended to demonstrate or confirm the therapeutic benefit of such product and to gather the additional information about effectiveness and safety that is needed to evaluate the overall 9

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





benefit-risk relationship of such product and to provide support for filing for Regulatory Approval and for such product's labeling and summary of product characteristics, as more fully defined in 21 CFR 312.21(c) or comparable regulations in any country or jurisdiction outside the U.S., and any amended or successor regulations. For the sake of clarity, with respect to what is commonly called a phase II/III study, the Phase III Clinical Trial definition is met upon [***], as further defined in Federal Regulation 21 C.F.R. 312.21(c) and its foreign equivalents.

1.57 "Phase IV Clinical Trial" means a clinical study in humans initiated in a country after receipt of Regulatory Approval for a biopharmaceutical product in such country, usually within or in support of the approved product labeling.

1.58 "Pre-Marketing" means all sales and marketing activities undertaken prior to and in preparation for the launch of the Product. Pre-Marketing shall include market research, key opinion leader development, advisory boards, medical education, disease-related public relations, health care economic studies, sales force training and other pre-launch activities prior to the First Commercial Sale of the Product in a given country or other regulatory jurisdiction.

1.59 "Pricing Approval" means, with respect to any country where a Governmental Authority authorizes reimbursement or access, or approves or determines pricing, for biopharmaceutical products, receipt (or, if required to make such authorization, approval of determination effective publication) of such reimbursement or access authorization or pricing approval or determination (as the case may be).

1.60 "Product" means any biopharmaceutical product containing or comprising (i) the Antibody; and (ii) any Variant of the Antibody that: (a) [***] and (b) [***]; provided, that a Product does not include any Active Ingredient that is [***], other than the Antibody as described in the foregoing subsections (i) and (ii). For clarity, Product excludes: (1) [***]; (2) [***]; (3) [***]; (4) [***]; (5) [***]; or (6) [***].

1.61 "Product Approval" means the approval by a Governmental Authority necessary for the marketing and sale of the Product in a given country or regulatory jurisdiction, which may include the approval of an MAA (but shall not include any Pricing Approvals).

1.62 "Product Complaint" means any written, verbal or electronic expression of dissatisfaction regarding any Product sold by or on behalf of a Selling Party, including reports of actual or suspected product tampering, contamination, mislabeling or inclusion of improper ingredients.

1.63 "Promotional Materials" means all written, printed, video or graphic advertising, promotional, educational and communication materials (other than the Product labels and package inserts) for marketing, advertising and promoting of the Product, for use (i) by a Sales Representative or a Medical Science Liaison or (ii) in advertisements, web sites or direct mail pieces. 10

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.64 "Regulatory Approval" means, with respect to any biopharmaceutical product in any regulatory jurisdiction for a given indication, approval from the applicable Regulatory Authority permitting the manufacture, sale, distribution or Commercialization of such biopharmaceutical product in such regulatory jurisdiction for such indication in accordance with Applicable Law, including any Pricing Approvals.

1.65 "Regulatory Authority" means, in a particular country or regulatory jurisdiction, any applicable Governmental Authority involved in granting Regulatory Approval and/or, to the extent required in such country or regulatory jurisdiction, governmental Pricing Approval of a biopharmaceutical product in such country or regulatory jurisdiction.

1.66 "Regulatory Data" means any and all research data, pharmacology data, chemistry, manufacturing and control data, preclinical data, clinical data and all other documentation submitted, or required to be submitted, to Regulatory Authorities in association with regulatory filings for the Product (including any applicable Drug Master Files, Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control ("CMC") data, or similar documentation).

1.67 "Regulatory Materials" means regulatory applications, submissions, notifications, communications, correspondence, meeting minutes, registrations, Regulatory Approvals and/or other filings made to, received from or otherwise conducted with a Regulatory Authority that are necessary in order to Develop, Manufacture, obtain marketing authorization, market, sell, distribute or otherwise Commercialize the Product in a particular country or regulatory jurisdiction. Regulatory Materials include INDs, MAAs, presentations, responses, and applications for Product Approvals.

1.68 "Royalty Term" means, with respect to a Product on a country-by-country basis, the period of time beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in such country and ending the later of (i) the expiration of the last to expire Valid Claim Covering the Antibody or Product in such country, or (ii) [***] ([***]) years from the First Commercial Sale of such Product in such country. Notwithstanding subsections (i) and (ii) above, the Royalty Term for a Product in a country shall not [***].

1.69 "Sales Representative" means an individual who is employed by a Party and who performs details and other promotional efforts with respect to the Product.

1.70 "Selling Party" means Aimmune or another Aimmune Agreement Entity.

1.71 "Third Party" means any Person other than Xencor, Aimmune or their respective Affiliates.

1.72 "United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America and its possessions and territories.

1.73 "Upstream Agreement" means that certain [***] Agreement by and between Xencor and the [***] dated [***]. 11

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.74 "Valid Claim" means, with respect to a particular country, (i) a claim of [***] that (a) has not been specifically held permanently revoked, unenforceable or invalid by a decision of a court or other Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction, which decision is unappealed or unappealable within the time allowed for appeal, and (b) has not been cancelled, withdrawn, abandoned, disclaimed or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, disclaimer or otherwise, or (ii) a bona fide claim of a pending patent application [***] that has not been (a) cancelled, withdrawn or abandoned without being re-filed in another application in the applicable jurisdiction, or (b) finally rejected by an administrative agency action from which no appeal can be taken or that has not been appealed within the time allowed for appeal.

1.75 "Variant" means [***].

1.76 "Xencor [***]" means a [***].

1.77 "Xencor Invention" means an Invention that is Invented solely or jointly with a Third Party, by or on behalf of Xencor or its Affiliates.

1.78 "Xencor Know-How" means any and all Know-How, whether or not patented or patentable, (i) to the extent Controlled by Xencor or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date, or, if transferred to Aimmune thereafter during the Term of this Agreement, and that is necessary in connection with the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization or other use of the Antibody or Product or (ii) constituting a Xencor Invention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in all cases, Xencor Know-How does not include (a) [***], (b) [***], (c) [***], (d) [***], (e) [***], or (f) [***].

1.79 "Xencor General Patent" means (i) the Patents identified on Schedule 1.79, including patents issuing from any patent application set forth on Schedule 1.79, (ii) with respect to such Patents set forth on Schedule 1.79, all provisional applications, substitutions, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, renewals, patents-of-addition, reissues, reexaminations and extensions, (iii) all international and domestic counterparts of any of the foregoing, and (iv) any other Patents Controlled by Xencor that claim inventions necessary for the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization or other use of the Antibody or Product as the Antibody and Product exist as of the Effective Date.

1.80 "Xencor Patent" means Xencor General Patents and Xencor Product Specific Patents.

1.81 "Xencor Product Specific Patent" means (i) the Patents identified on Schedule 1.81, including patents issuing from any patent application set forth on Schedule 1.81, (ii) with respect to all Patents set forth on Schedule 1.81, all provisional applications, substitutions, continuations, continuations- in-part, divisionals, renewals, patents-of-addition, reissues, reexaminations and extensions, (iii) any [***], and (iv) all international and domestic counterparts of any of the foregoing.

1.82 "Xencor Technology" means Xencor Know-How and Xencor Patents. 12

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





1.83 Additional Definitions. The following terms have the meanings set forth in the corresponding Sections of this Agreement:

ARTICLE 2 LICENSES

2.1 Grant to Aimmune. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Xencor hereby grants to Aimmune during the Term an exclusive, worldwide, payment-bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents, and a non-exclusive, payment bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Know-How, in each case, with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with Section 2.3.2, solely to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in and for the Licensed Field; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

2.2 Additional Licensing Provisions.

2.2.1 Negative Covenant. Aimmune covenants that it will not use or practice any of Xencor's rights to and under the Xencor Patents, Xencor Know-How or other intellectual property rights licensed (or sublicensed, as applicable) to it under this ARTICLE 2, except for the purposes expressly permitted in the applicable license grant. Aimmune covenants that it will not research or develop (including Develop) the Antibody itself, including not developing any modification, variant, fragment, progeny or derivatives of such Antibody, in each case, in a way that would produce a molecule that is neither the Antibody nor a molecule that falls within the definition of a Product. 13

Term Section "Agreement" Preamble "Bankrupt Party" 14.7 "Breaching Party" 13.2 [***] 1.73 "Claim" 11.1 "CMC" 1.66 "Commercialization Data" 5.5 "Confidential Information" 12.1.1 "Controlling Party" 9.4.1(a) "Court" 15.13.3 "Dispute" 15.1 "Effective Date" Preamble "ICH" 1.34

Term Section "Indemnified Party" 11.3.1 "Indemnifying Party" 11.3.1 "Infringement Claim" 9.4.1 "Joint Collaboration Patents" 9.1.1 "Aimmune" Preamble "Aimmune Collaboration Patents" 9.1.1

"Xencor" Preamble "Xencor Collaboration Patents" 9.1.1 "Losses" 11.1 "Packaging and Labeling" 6.2

Term Section "Party" or "Parties" Preamble "Product Trade Dress" 5.4.1 "Product Trademark" 5.4.1 "Recovery" 9.4.2(c)(iv) "Shares" 7.1 "Stock Issuance Agreement" 7.1 "Sublicensee" 2.3.2 "Term" 13.1 "Third Party Patent" 7.3.2(b) "Upfront Payment" 7.1 "VAT" 8.3.3

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





2.2.2 No Implied Licenses; Retained Rights. Except as explicitly set forth in this Agreement, Xencor does not grant any license, express or implied, under its intellectual property rights to Aimmune, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

2.2.3 Upstream Agreement. Aimmune acknowledges, understands and agrees that (i) the Xencor Know-How licensed to Aimmune pursuant to Section 2.1 includes certain Know-How licensed to Xencor pursuant to the Upstream Agreement, (ii) the license to such Xencor Know-How constitutes a sublicense under the Upstream Agreement, (iii) Aimmune's rights to such Xencor Know-How are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Upstream Agreement, (iv) Aimmune will comply with the Upstream Agreement, including undertaking such activities as Xencor reasonably requests to so comply, (v) [***] is responsible for any and all payments due under the Upstream Agreement (following the Effective Date) in connection with Developing, Manufacturing and Commercializing the Product by or on behalf of Aimmune (including by or on behalf of its Affiliates or sublicensees), and (vi) Aimmune received a copy of the Upstream Agreement prior to the Effective Date.

2.3 Performance by Affiliates and Sublicensees.

2.3.1 Performance by Affiliates. The Parties recognize that each may perform some or all of its obligations under this Agreement through Affiliates; provided, however, that each Party shall remain responsible for and be guarantor of the performance by its Affiliates and shall cause its Affiliates to comply with the provisions of this Agreement in connection with such performance. Each Party hereby expressly waives any requirement that the other Party exhausts any right, power or remedy, or proceed against an Affiliate, for any obligation or performance hereunder prior to proceeding directly against such Party. Wherever in this Agreement the Parties delegate responsibility to Affiliates, the Parties agree that such entities may not make decisions inconsistent with this Agreement, amend the terms of this Agreement or act contrary to its terms in any way.

2.3.2 Sublicensees. Aimmune shall [***] the right (but not the obligation) to sublicense the rights granted to it under Section 2.1 to its Affiliates or Third Parties (each, a "Sublicensee"); provided, however, that Aimmune shall remain responsible for the performance by any of its direct and indirect Sublicensees and shall cause its direct and indirect Sublicensees to comply with the applicable provisions of this Agreement in connection with such performance. Without limiting the foregoing, Aimmune shall cause its direct and indirect Sublicensees to accept in writing all applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the reporting, audit, inspection and confidentiality provisions hereunder and Sections 2.2.1 and 2.4. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) Aimmune will remain directly responsible for all amounts owed to Xencor under this Agreement, and (b) Aimmune shall cause each Sublicensee (including each tier of Sublicensee) to be subject to the negative and restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 2.2.1 and 2.4, respectively. Aimmune hereby expressly waives any requirement that Xencor exhaust any right, power or remedy, or proceed against a subcontractor, for any obligation or performance hereunder prior to proceeding directly against Aimmune.

2.4 Restrictive Covenants. Aimmune hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not (and shall cause the other Aimmune Agreement Entities not to), either directly or indirectly, 14

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Product for use outside the Licensed Field. Furthermore, Xencor hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not (and shall cause its Affiliates not to), either directly or through granting a license or other right to, or otherwise facilitating, a Third Party to (a) Develop, Manufacture or Commercialize the Antibody or the Product during the Term, (b) commence any [***] of any [***] that is not the Antibody or a Product and that [***] for use in the Licensed Field, prior to the [***] ([***]t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (c) Develop, Manufacture or Commercialize any [***] that is not the Antibody or a Product and that [***] for use in the Aimmune Field during the Term. It is the desire and intent of the Parties that the restrictive covenants contained in this Section 2.4 be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under Applicable Laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Xencor and Aimmune believe that the restrictive covenants in this Section 2.4 are valid and enforceable. However, if any restrictive covenant should for any reason become or be declared by a competent court or competition authority to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such restrictive covenant shall be deemed to have been amended to the extent necessary in order that such provision be valid and enforceable, such amendment shall apply only with respect to the operation of such provision of this Section 2.4 in the particular jurisdiction in which such declaration is made. Further, both Parties agree that [***] of this Agreement.

2.5 Progress Updates. Aimmune shall keep Xencor informed as to its progress and activities relating to the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of the Product on [***] basis (i.e., every [***] ([***]) months), including by providing updates on the status of studies necessary for obtaining Regulatory Approval with respect to the Product, regulatory matters and meetings with Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Product, and Commercialization activities commencing no later than [***] ([***]) year prior to the date on which Aimmune estimates the First Commercial Sale of Product will occur. Additionally, to the extent applicable, such updates shall include summaries of Aimmune's Development plans for the Product for the ensuing [***] ([***]) year time period. Any information disclosed under this Section 2.5 shall be treated as Confidential Information as defined in Section 12.1.

2.6 Upstream Agreement. During the Term, neither Xencor nor any of its Affiliates shall (a) encumber any GPEx Technology, as defined in the Upstream Agreement, to the extent included within the Xencor Technology, or commit any act or permit the occurrence of any omission that would cause the breach or termination of the Upstream Agreement, or otherwise knowingly take actions or permit omissions that would adversely affect the rights granted to Aimmune hereunder with respect to the Xencor Patents and Xencor Know-How, or (b) without Aimmune's prior written consent, amend or otherwise modify or permit to be amended or modified, the Upstream Agreement in any respect that would adversely affect Aimmune's rights with respect to, the Antibody or Products. Xencor shall promptly notify Aimmune upon Xencor's becoming aware of any alleged, threatened, or actual breach of the Upstream Agreement by either Party and shall not take any action that would reasonably give rise to the right of the counterparty to terminate the Upstream Agreement.

2.7 Technology Transfer. Xencor shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to transfer, and Aimmune shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to receive, the Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data, in each case, as identified on Schedule 2.7 to 15

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





permit and enable Aimmune or its Affiliates to Develop and Manufacture the Product pursuant to the terms of this Agreement no later than [***] ([***]) Business Days after the Effective Date. The technology transfer under this Section 2.7 shall occur in an orderly fashion and in a manner reasonably agreed by the Parties. The implementation and transfer of information pursuant hereto shall be conducted through electronic, email and teleconference consultation between the Parties. [***] shall be responsible for any Development or Manufacturing related out-of-pocket costs associated with such technology transfer, including lab runs, pilot scale testing and demo batches. Xencor will allocate adequate appropriately qualified representatives to enable Aimmune to practice and understand the Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data, including in connection with the transition of Manufacturing responsibility to Aimmune, Xencor's obligations under this Section 2.7 shall not exceed an aggregate of [***] ([***]) full- time equivalent hours unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing [***].

ARTICLE 3 DEVELOPMENT

3.1 Overview of Development. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Aimmune shall be responsible for the Development of the Product as set forth herein. Aimmune, itself or with or through its Affiliates and Sublicensees, shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform the Development Activities for the Product to (i) achieve the development milestones set forth in Section 7.2, and (ii) obtain Regulatory Approval for the Product.

3.2 Compliance. Aimmune shall conduct the Development Activities in accordance with sound and ethical business and scientific practices, and in compliance with all Applicable Law, including GCPs and GLPs, and also including all applicable data privacy and data protection laws. In addition, Aimmune shall not use in any capacity, in connection with its Development (or Commercialization) of the Product hereunder, any Person who has been debarred pursuant to Section 306 of the FD&C Act (or similar Applicable Law outside of the U.S.), or who is the subject of a conviction described in such section, and Aimmune shall inform Xencor in writing promptly if it or any Person who is performing services for Aimmune hereunder is debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306 (or similar Applicable Law outside of the U.S.), or if any action, suit, claim, investigation or legal administrative proceeding is pending or, to Aimmune's knowledge, is threatened, relating to the debarment of Aimmune or any Person used in any capacity by Aimmune in connection with its Development (or Commercialization) of the Product hereunder. Xencor shall not use in any capacity in connection with performing its obligations under this Agreement, any Person who has been debarred pursuant to Section 306 of the FD&C Act (or similar Applicable Law outside of the U.S.), or who is the subject of a conviction described in such section. Xencor shall inform Aimmune in writing immediately promptly if it or any Person who is performing services for Xencor hereunder is debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306 (or similar Applicable Law outside of the U.S.), or if any action, suit, claim, investigation or legal administrative proceeding is pending or, to Xencor's knowledge, is threatened, relating to the debarment of Xencor or any Person used in any capacity by Xencor in connection with its Development or Manufacture of the Product prior to the Effective Date or performance under this Agreement or during the Term in the course of performing Xencor's obligations under this Agreement. 16

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





3.3 Development Costs. As between the Parties, Aimmune shall be solely responsible for one hundred percent (100%) of all Development costs incurred with respect to any Development Activities.

3.4 Records, Reports and Information. Aimmune shall, and shall cause each of the other Aimmune Agreement Entities to, maintain current and accurate records of all Development Activities conducted by it and all data and other information resulting from such work (which records shall include, as applicable, books, records, reports, research notes, charts, graphs, comments, computations, analyses, recordings, photographs, computer programs and documentation thereof (e.g., samples of materials and other graphic or written data generated in connection with the Development Activities)). Such records shall properly reflect all work done and results achieved in the performance of the Development Activities in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for regulatory and patent purposes. Aimmune shall document all preclinical studies and Clinical Trials to be conducted in formal written study reports according to applicable national and international (e.g., ICH, GCP and GLP) guidelines.

ARTICLE 4 REGULATORY

4.1 Regulatory Filings and Regulatory Approvals.

4.1.1 General Responsibilities; Ownership of Regulatory Approvals. Aimmune shall be responsible for the preparation of all Regulatory Materials necessary or desirable for obtaining and maintaining the Regulatory Approvals for the Product and Aimmune shall submit such Regulatory Materials, as applicable, to the applicable Governmental Authorities. For clarity, to the extent allowed by Applicable Law, all Regulatory Approvals for the Product shall be held and owned by Aimmune in its name.

4.1.2 Pricing Approvals. To the extent that a given country or regulatory jurisdiction requires Pricing Approval for sale of the Product, Aimmune shall (to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws) be solely responsible for (and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts toward) obtaining and maintaining Pricing Approvals in all such countries and regulatory jurisdictions in which it obtains Regulatory Approval for Product, in its own name.

4.1.3 Cost of Regulatory Activities. All regulatory costs incurred in connection with the preparation of Regulatory Materials, and obtaining of Product Approvals, for the Product shall be borne solely by Aimmune. Aimmune shall be responsible for all regulatory costs involved in the maintenance of all Regulatory Approvals for the Product.

4.1.4 Reporting and Review. Pursuant to the updates to be provided to Xencor under Section 2.5, Aimmune shall keep Xencor reasonably informed in connection with the preparation of all material Regulatory Materials, Regulatory Authority review of Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Approvals, in each case with respect to the Product. 17

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





4.1.5 Safety Reporting. Aimmune shall provide a [***] safety report in connection with the Development of the Product. Aimmune shall determine, [***], the contents and frequency of such reports, but in any event such reports will be made as [***] for Xencor to remain informed of the safety status of the Product to assess, monitor and report to Regulatory Authorities information relevant to the safety of Product in connection with Xencor's efforts to obtain Regulatory Approval of products that are not the Product and that [***], and comply with Applicable Laws. Xencor shall provide a [***] safety report in connection with the development of products (other than Product) that [***]. Xencor shall determine, [***], the contents and frequency of such reports, but in any event such reports will be made as [***] for Aimmune to assess, monitor and report to Regulatory Authorities information relevant to the safety of Product in connection with Aimmune's efforts to obtain Regulatory Approval of the Product and comply with Applicable Laws.

4.2 No Other Regulatory Filings. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this ARTICLE 4, Aimmune and Aimmune Agreement Entities shall not file any Regulatory Materials or Regulatory Approvals that are based on any Xencor Technology.

4.3 Pharmacovigilance and Medical Inquiries.

4.3.1 Pharmacovigilance. Subject to Section 4.1.1, Aimmune, as the holder of the Product Approvals, shall be responsible for the collection, review, assessment, tracking and filing of information related to adverse events associated with the Product (whether or not Product Approval has been achieved), in each case in accordance with Applicable Law and this Agreement (and Aimmune shall, in the Development and Commercialization of the Product, record, investigate, summarize, notify, report and review all adverse events in accordance with Applicable Law).

4.3.2 Medical Inquiries for the Product. Following the Effective Date, subject to Section 4.1.1, Aimmune shall be responsible for handling all medical questions or inquiries in each country, including all Product Complaints, with regard to any Product distributed or sold by or on behalf of Aimmune (or any of the other Aimmune Agreement Entities), in each case in accordance with Applicable Law and this Agreement.

4.3.3 Regulatory Authority Communications. In addition to its obligations under this Agreement, each Party shall disclose to the other Party (and each Party shall have the right to subsequently disclose to its Affiliates and subcontractors and licensees, specifically those licensees of the Product in the case of Aimmune, who are bound by obligations of confidentiality substantially consistent with those in ARTICLE 12) the following regulatory information: All material information pertaining to material adverse or potentially material adverse actions taken or that may be taken by Regulatory Authorities, in connection with the Product or Antibody, including any notice, audit notice, notice of initiation by Regulatory Authorities of investigations, detentions, seizures or injunctions concerning the Product or Antibody, notice of violation letter (i.e., an untitled letter), warning letter, service of process or other equivalent 18

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





communication or action. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Party shall promptly, but in any event within [***] ([***]) Business Days, inform the other Party of any material adverse or potentially material adverse actions taken or that may be taken by Regulatory Authorities in connection with the Product or Antibody, including any notice, audit notice, notice of initiation by Regulatory Authorities of investigations, detentions, seizures or injunctions concerning the Product or Antibody, notice of violation letter (i.e., an untitled letter), warning letter, service of process or other equivalent communication or action.

4.3.4 Recall, Withdrawal, or Market Notification of Product. In the event that any Governmental Authority threatens or initiates any action to remove the Product from the market, Aimmune shall notify Xencor of such communication promptly, but in no event later than [***] ([***]) Business Days, after receipt thereof. Aimmune shall [***] any recall, withdrawal or market notification of the Product. As between the Parties, all costs and expenses associated with implementing a recall, withdrawal or market notification with respect to the Product shall be borne by [***].

ARTICLE 5 COMMERCIALIZATION

5.1 Commercialization. During the Term, as between the Parties, Aimmune shall be solely responsible for Commercializing the Product. Aimmune shall be responsible for one hundred percent (100%) of the expenses (including Pre-Marketing and other Commercialization expenses) incurred in connection with the Commercialization of the Product.

5.2 Aimmune's Performance.

5.2.1 Specific Commercialization Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 5.1, in connection with the Commercialization of the Product by or on behalf of Aimmune or its Affiliates and Sublicensees hereunder:

(a) Aimmune, itself or with or through its Affiliates and Sublicensees, shall (i) use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize the Product in the Licensed Field throughout the Major Territory, (ii) represent the Product accurately and fairly, and (iii) not sell or distribute the Product in a bundle with other products at a discount that is not equitably allocated between Product and other products with which the Product is bundled.

(b) Aimmune shall not (i) [***], or (ii) utilize deceptive, misleading or unethical business practices, in each case in the course of performing activities pursuant to this Agreement.

(c) Aimmune, itself or with or through its Affiliates and Sublicensees, shall be solely responsible for (i) receiving, accepting and filling orders for the Product, (ii) handling all returns of the Product, (iii) controlling invoicing, order processing and collection of accounts receivable for the sales of the Product, and (iv) distributing and managing inventory of the Product. 19

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





5.3 Reports. Without limiting Aimmune's other reporting obligations hereunder, Aimmune shall, during the fourth Calendar Quarter of each Calendar Year after the First Commercial Sale of a Product, provide Xencor [***] involving Product during the preceding four (4) Calendar Quarters.

5.4 Product Trademarks and Product Trade Dress.

5.4.1 Product Trademark. Aimmune shall Commercialize the Product under the trademark and the trade dress selected by Aimmune (the "Product Trademark" and the "Product Trade Dress", respectively).

5.4.2 Use and Ownership of Product Trademarks and Product Trade Dress. All uses of the Product Trademark and Product Trade Dress by Aimmune (and its other Aimmune Agreement Entities) to identify and/or in connection with the Commercialization of the Product shall be in accordance with Regulatory Approvals and all Applicable Law. Aimmune or the other Aimmune Agreement Entities shall own and retain all rights to the Product Trademark and Product Trade Dress (in each case, together with all goodwill associated therewith). Aimmune or the other Aimmune Agreement Entities shall also own rights to any internet domain names incorporating the Product Trademark or any variation or part of such trademark as its URL address.

5.4.3 Maintenance of Product Trademark. During the Term, Aimmune or the other Aimmune Agreement Entities will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to establish and maintain the Product Trademark and will [***].

5.4.4 No Inclusion of Xencor Logos on Packaging and Promotional Materials. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Aimmune shall not use any Xencor trademark, names, logos or housemark in connection with any Promotional Materials or the Product without Xencor's written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, Aimmune will take no action that will interfere with or diminish Xencor's rights in its respective trademarks, names and logos, and if Xencor reasonably believes that the use of any trademarks, names and logos by Aimmune hereunder is interfering with or diminishing its rights, Xencor shall notify Aimmune thereof in writing and Aimmune shall promptly cease use of such trademarks, names or logos in such manner.

5.5 Commercialization Data. As between the Parties, Aimmune shall own all marketing and sales data and information resulting from its Commercialization of the Product during the Term (the "Commercialization Data"), including promotional materials, marketing strategies and market research data.

ARTICLE 6 SUPPLY

6.1 Initial Product Supply. Xencor shall provide a [***] supply of Product to Aimmune in the amounts and in the form set forth on Schedule 6.1, which Aimmune agrees to accept on an as-is basis. Xencor shall make available to Aimmune the quantity of the Product 20

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





specified on Schedule 6.1 within [***] ([***]) Business Days from the Effective Date or otherwise as agreed to by the Parties, and shall provide appropriate documentation at such time (i.e., appropriate certificates of analysis or compliance, as applicable). The Product shall be made available to Aimmune [***]. For clarity, Aimmune shall bear all costs in connection with such supply of Product related to shipping, taxes, additional testing and other matters.

6.2 Packaging and Labeling; Certain Other Manufacturing Activities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Aimmune or its designated Third Party shall be responsible ([***]) for all final product labeling and packaging (whether in commercial or clinical packaging presentation), including materials such as patient inserts, patient medication guides, professional inserts and any other written, printed or graphic materials accompanying the Product and considered to be part of the finished Product packaging and labeling, and handling, storage, quality control, quality assurance, testing and release (collectively, "Packaging and Labeling"). Aimmune or its designated Third Party shall ensure that all such Packaging and Labeling complies with Applicable Laws, GMPs and the Regulatory Approvals for the Product. To the extent that a Third Party is involved in Packaging and Labeling or other activities described in this Section 6.2, [***] shall be [***] responsible for[***], qualifying such Third Party to perform such activities.

ARTICLE 7 PAYMENTS

7.1 Upfront Payments. Within [***] ([***]) days after the Effective Date of this Agreement, Aimmune shall issue to Xencor shares of Aimmune Common Stock (the "Shares") in accordance with that certain Stock Issuance Agreement, dated the date hereof, by and among Xencor and Aimmune (the "Stock Issuance Agreement"), and pay to Xencor by wire transfer of immediately available funds, into an account designated in writing by Xencor, an amount equal to five million Dollars ($5,000,000) (together with the issuance of the Shares, the "Upfront Payment"). The Upfront Payment shall be nonrefundable and noncreditable against any other payments due hereunder.

7.2 Milestone Payments. Aimmune shall pay to Xencor the one-time milestone payments described in this Section 7.2 following achievement (and only upon the first occurrence) of the corresponding milestone event for a Product. Aimmune shall promptly notify Xencor in writing of, but in no event later than [***] ([***]) days after, the achievement of each such milestone event with respect to a Product. Aimmune shall pay the applicable milestone payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds within [***] ([***]) days after the achievement (and only upon the first occurrence) of the applicable milestone event into an account designated by Xencor in writing. Each such milestone payment is nonrefundable and noncreditable against any other payments due hereunder. 21

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Milestone Event Milestone Payment Development Milestone [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] Sales Milestones [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***] [***] $ [***]

7.3 Royalty Payments.

7.3.1 Product. On a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis during the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and such country, Aimmune shall pay to Xencor the following royalties on Net Sales of Products, subject to Section 7.3.2:

Aggregate Annual Net Sales Royalty Rate [***] [***]% [***] [***]% [***] [***]% [***] [***]% [***] [***]%

[***]. 22

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





7.3.2 Royalty Reductions.

(a) No Valid Claim. On a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, if at any time during the Royalty Term with respect to such country and such Product, such Product is not Covered by any Valid Claim of a [***], the royalty rate applied to Net Sales of such Product shall be the royalty rate in Section 7.3.1 reduced by [***] percent ([***]%) for so long as during the Royalty Term such Product is not Covered by a Valid Claim of a [***] in such country.

(b) Third Party Intellectual Property. Aimmune shall have the right (but not the obligation), at its own expense (subject to the reduction provided for by this Section 7.3.2(b)), to obtain any licenses from any Third Parties that are not Sublicensees of Aimmune with respect to a Product in such country under any issued Patents that would be infringed by the practice of Xencor Technology licensed under Section 2.1 with respect to a given Product in a particular country (each such Patent, a "Third Party Patent"). If Aimmune obtains such a license to a Third Party Patent, Aimmune shall be entitled to credit [***] percent ([***]%) of the royalties paid to such Third Party during a Calendar Quarter against the royalty payment otherwise payable by Aimmune to Xencor pursuant to this Section 7.3 with respect to such Product and such country in such Calendar Quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Aimmune shall have no right to reduce payments due to Xencor under this Agreement by any amount paid to [***] in connection with the Upstream Agreement or any other agreement entered into between Aimmune and [***].

(c) Generic Competition. On a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, if at any time during the Royalty Term with respect to such country and such Product there is one or more Generic Product(s) with respect to such Product being sold for [***]) consecutive Calendar Quarters, then [***] for such country and such Product, the royalty rate for such Product shall be reduced, after giving effect to any reduction applicable to such Product in such country pursuant to [***], on a Calendar Quarter basis as follows:

(i) if the cumulative Net Sales of such Product in such country during such Calendar Quarter are equal to or less than [***] percent ([***]%), but are greater than [***] percent ([***]%), of the Baseline Quarter Net Sales, then the royalty rate will be reduced for such Calendar Quarter by [***] percent ([***]%); and

(ii) if the cumulative Net Sales of such Product in such country during such Calendar Quarter are less than [***] percent ([***]%) of the Baseline Quarter Net Sales of the Baseline Quarter Net Sales, then the royalty rate for such Calendar Quarter will be reduced by [***] percent ([***]%).

provided, that, for clarity, on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, there will be no royalty rate reduction with respect to a given country and Product pursuant to this Section 7.3.2(c) with respect to the initial [***] ([***]) consecutive Calendar Quarter periods during which Generic Product entry with respect to such Product and such country is being established. 23

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





(d) Royalty Floor. Notwithstanding any provision set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, none of the permitted reductions to royalties provided in this Section 7.3.2 will reduce any royalty payment payable in a given Calendar Quarter with respect to Net Sales of any Product in any country during the Royalty Term by more than [***] percent ([***]%) of the royalties otherwise owed to Xencor pursuant to Section 7.3.1.

ARTICLE 8 PAYMENT; RECORDS; AUDITS

8.1 Royalty Payments and Reports. The royalty payments due by Aimmune to Xencor under Section 7.3 shall be calculated, reported and paid for each Calendar Quarter within [***] ([***]) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter and shall be accompanied by a report setting forth Net Sales of Products by Aimmune in sufficient detail to permit confirmation of the accuracy of the royalty payment made, including the gross sales and Net Sales of each Product, on a country-by-country basis, and the exchange rates used in accordance with Section 8.2. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Aimmune shall require its Affiliates and other Aimmune Agreement Entities to account for its Net Sales and to provide such reports with respect thereto as if such sales were made by Aimmune.

8.2 Manner and Place of Payment. When conversion of payments from any currency other than U.S. Dollars is required, such conversion shall be at an exchange rate equal to the rates of exchange for the currency of the country from which such payments are payable as published by The Wall Street Journal, Western U.S. Edition, on the last Business Day of the Calendar Quarter in which the applicable sales were made in such country. All payments hereunder shall be payable in U.S. Dollars. All payments owed under this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to a bank and account designated in writing by Xencor, unless otherwise specified in writing by Xencor.

8.3 Taxes.

8.3.1 The Parties acknowledge and agree that it is their mutual objective and intent to minimize, to the extent feasible, taxes payable with respect to their collaborative efforts under this Agreement to cooperate and coordinate with each other to achieve such objective. For the avoidance of doubt, as between the Parties, Aimmune shall be responsible for any Branded Prescription Drug Fees that may be levied under section 9008 of the Affordable Care Act with respect to any Product sold.

8.3.2 Subject to this Section 8.3.2, Xencor will pay any and all taxes, including withholdings, levied on account of any payments made to it under this Agreement. If any taxes are paid or required to be withheld by Aimmune for the benefit of Xencor on account of any payments payable to Xencor under this Agreement, Aimmune will (i) deduct such taxes from the amount of payments otherwise due to Xencor, (ii) timely pay the taxes to the proper taxing authority, (iii) send proof of payment to Xencor within [***] ([***]) days following such payment and (iv) cooperate with Xencor in any way reasonably required by Xencor to obtain available reductions, credits or refunds of such taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (a) Aimmune assigns its rights or obligations or delegates its rights under this Agreement, (b) as a 24

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





result of such assignment or delegation, Aimmune (or its assignee) is required by Applicable Law to withhold taxes from or in respect of any amount payable under this Agreement, and (c) such withholding taxes exceed the amount of withholding taxes that would have been applicable but for such assignment or delegation, then any such amount payable shall be increased to take into account such withholding taxes as may be necessary so that, after making all required withholdings (including withholdings on the additional amounts payable), the payee receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such increased withholding been made. Each Party shall cooperate with the other Party in any way reasonably requested by the other Party to minimize the withholding tax implications of any such assignment or delegation.

8.3.3 Aimmune shall be responsible for all Value Added Taxes ("VAT"), if any, attributable to transactions contemplated by this Agreement without any offset or reimbursement from Xencor. Xencor shall cooperate with Aimmune in any way reasonably requested by Aimmune to obtain available reductions, credits or refunds of any VAT amounts attributable to transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

8.3.4 [***].

8.4 Records; Audits. During the Term and for [***] ([***]) years thereafter, Aimmune shall keep, and shall cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees to keep and provide to Xencor, complete and accurate records pertaining to the sale or other disposition of Product in sufficient detail to permit Xencor to confirm the accuracy of payments due hereunder. Xencor shall have the right, upon [***] ([***]) days' prior written notice to Aimmune, to cause an independent, certified international public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Aimmune or reasonably acceptable to its Affiliates or Sublicensees, as applicable, to audit such records during Aimmune's, or its Affiliate's or Sublicensees', as applicable, normal business hours to confirm the number of Product units sold, the gross sales and Net Sales of Product, the royalties payable, the method used to calculate the royalties payable, and the exchange rates used in accordance with Section 8.2. The audit shall be limited to pertinent records kept by Aimmune and its Affiliates and Sublicensees for any year ending not more than [***] ([***]) months prior to the date of the written notice. An audit under this Section 8.4 shall not occur more than [***] in any Calendar Year, except in the case of any subsequent "for cause" audit. The accounting firm shall disclose to Xencor only whether the reports are correct or incorrect and the specific details concerning any discrepancies. No other information shall be provided to Xencor. The accounting firm shall provide Aimmune with a copy of any disclosures or reports made to Xencor and Aimmune shall have an opportunity to discuss such disclosures or reports with Xencor and the accounting firm. Information, disclosures, or reports arising from any such examination shall be Confidential Information of Aimmune subject to the confidentiality and other obligations of ARTICLE 12. Prompt adjustments shall be made by the Parties to reflect the results of such audit. Xencor shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit discloses an underpayment of more than [***] percent ([***]%) of the payments due under this Agreement, in which case, [***].

8.5 Late Payments. In the event that any payment due under this Agreement is not sent to Xencor when due in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2, or 8.1, the payment shall accrue interest from the date due at the [***], plus an additional [***] 25

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





percentage points ([***] ppts); provided, however, that (a) in the event that more than [***] payment due under this Agreement is not received by Xencor when due, the foregoing rate shall increase to the prime rate plus an additional [***] percentage points ([***] ppts) per year calculated on the number of days such payment is delinquent, compounded annually and computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty five (365) day year, and (b) in no event shall such rate exceed the maximum legal annual interest rate. The payment of such interest shall not limit Xencor from exercising any other rights it may have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment.

ARTICLE 9 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MATTERS

9.1 Ownership of Intellectual Property.

9.1.1 General. Subject to the provisions of this Section 9.1.1 and except as expressly set forth otherwise in this Agreement, (i) Xencor shall solely own Patents Covering any Xencor Invention ("Xencor Collaboration Patents"), and (ii) Aimmune shall solely own Patents Covering any Aimmune Invention ("Aimmune Collaboration Patents"). All Joint Inventions shall be jointly owned by the Parties, and Patents Covering Joint Inventions shall be referred to as "Joint Collaboration Patents". Each Party shall promptly disclose to the other Party all Xencor Inventions, Aimmune Inventions and Joint Inventions, as applicable, made by it during the Term. The determination of inventorship for such Inventions shall be made in accordance with Applicable Law relating to inventorship set forth in the patent laws of the United States (Title 35, United States Code).

9.1.2 Employees. Each Party will require all of its and its Affiliates' employees to assign all Inventions that are developed, made or conceived by such employees according to the ownership principles described in Section 9.1.1 free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, charges, security interests, mortgages or other similar restrictions. Each Party will also use its Commercially Reasonable Efforts to require any agents or independent contractors performing an activity pursuant to this Agreement to assign all Inventions that are developed, made or conceived by such agents or independent contractors to the relevant Party, according to the ownership principles described in Section 9.1.1 free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, charges, security interests, mortgages or other similar restrictions.

9.2 Disclosures; Disputes Regarding Inventions. Each Party shall, before filing a new Patent application (including provisionals and continuations-in-part) claiming an Invention, promptly disclose such Invention to the other Party and shall provide to the other Party with a copy of the proposed patent application at least [***] ([***]) Business Days before filing such application or such shorter time as may be required to preserve Patent rights, including the avoidance of a statutory bar or prior publication. If such other Party believes that the first Party's proposed Patent application discloses such other Party's Confidential Information, such other Party shall so notify the first Party within such [***] ([***]) Business Days after receipt thereof, and such first Party shall amend its proposed application to comply with the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. If the Parties are in agreement as to the designation of the Invention as a Xencor Invention, Joint Invention or Aimmune Invention, as applicable, they can 26

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





continue as set forth in Section 9.3. If the Parties disagree as to whether an Invention is a Xencor Invention, Joint Invention or Aimmune Invention, and are unable to reach agreement within [***] ([***]) days after commencing discussions, then the provisions of Section 15.1 shall apply to such dispute without limiting either Party's right to continue with filing such application.

9.3 Patent Filings, Prosecution and Maintenance.

9.3.1 Xencor General Patents. Subject to, and without limiting Aimmune's rights under, Section 9.4 of this Agreement, Xencor shall have the sole right to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain all Xencor General Patents, [***], including by conducting reissues, reexaminations, interferences, and/or defending against post grant proceedings, such as inter partes reviews and oppositions and other challenges to the validity or enforceability of such Xencor General Patents. Xencor shall keep Aimmune generally informed of the status of Xencor General Patents upon Aimmune's request reasonable request from time-to-time.

9.3.2 Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patents and Joint Collaboration Patents.

(a) Aimmune shall have the first right to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain (i) Xencor Product Specific Patents, (ii) Aimmune Patents Covering an Antibody or Product, and (iii) Joint Collaboration Patents, [***], including by conducting reissues, reexaminations, interferences, and/or defending against post grant proceedings, such as inter partes reviews and oppositions and other challenges to the validity or enforceability of the relevant Patent; provided that Aimmune shall receive Xencor's prior written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, before conducting reissues, reexaminations, interferences, and/or defending against post grant proceedings for the [***], such as inter partes reviews and oppositions and other challenges to the validity or enforceability of such relevant Patent. [***]. [***]. Aimmune shall keep Xencor informed of the status of Xencor Product Specific Patents, Aimmune Patents Covering an Antibody or Product, and Joint Collaboration Patents [***]. With respect to any material substantive submissions that Aimmune is required to or otherwise intends to submit to a patent office with respect to a [***], Aimmune shall provide a draft of such submission to Xencor at least [***] ([***]) days (or such time as is possible) prior to the deadline for, or the intended filing date of, such submission, whichever is earlier (or as soon as reasonably possible if Aimmune has less than [***] ([***]) days' notice of a deadline for submission). Xencor shall have the right to review and comment upon any such submission by Aimmune to a patent office, and will provide such comments within [***] ([***]) days after receiving such submission (provided, that if no comments are received within such [***] ([***]) day period, then Aimmune may proceed with such submission). Aimmune shall [***]any suggestions or recommendations of Xencor concerning the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance thereof.

(b) The Parties shall cooperate reasonably in the prosecution of all Xencor Product Specific Patents, Aimmune Patents Covering an Antibody or Product and Joint Collaboration Patents and shall share all material information relating thereto promptly after receipt of such information. If, during the Term, Aimmune (i) intends to allow any Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patent Covering an Antibody or Product or Joint 27

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Collaboration Patent to expire or intends to otherwise abandon any such Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patent Covering an Antibody or Product or Joint Collaboration Patent, or (ii) decides not to prepare or file patent applications Covering Aimmune Inventions or Joint Inventions, Aimmune shall notify Xencor of such intention or decision at least [***] ([***]) days (or as soon as possible if less than [***] ([***]) days) prior to any filing or payment due date, or any other date that requires action, in connection with such Xencor Product Specific Patent, Aimmune Patent Covering an Antibody or Product or Joint Collaboration Patent, and Xencor shall thereupon have the right, but not the obligation, to assume responsibility for the preparation, filing, prosecution or maintenance thereof [***], in the name of Xencor or Aimmune, as applicable.

9.3.3 Cooperation. The Parties agree to cooperate in the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of all Patents under this Section 9.3, including obtaining and executing necessary powers of attorney and assignments by the named inventors, providing relevant technical reports to the filing Party concerning the Invention disclosed in such Patent, obtaining execution of such other documents which are needed in the filing and prosecution of such Patent, and, as requested by a Party, updating each other regarding the status of such Patent, and shall cooperate with the other Party so far as reasonably necessary with respect to furnishing all information and data in its possession reasonably necessary to obtain or maintain such Patents.

9.4 Infringement of Third Party Patents; Enforcement of Patents.

9.4.1 Infringement of Third Party Patents. Each of the Parties shall promptly, but in any event no later than [***] ([***]) days after receipt of notice thereof, notify the other Party in writing in the event of any claims by a Third Party of alleged patent infringement by Aimmune or the other Aimmune Agreement Entities with respect to the research, development, manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of the Antibody or Product (each, an "Infringement Claim"). With respect to any Infringement Claim, the Parties shall attempt to negotiate in good faith a resolution with respect thereto. If the Parties cannot settle such Infringement Claim with the appropriate Third Parties within [***] ([***]) days after the receipt of the notice pursuant to this Section 9.4.1, then the following shall apply:

(a) In the case of any such claim against Aimmune alone or against both Aimmune and Xencor, in each case, with respect to the Antibody or Product, then Aimmune shall be deemed to be the "Controlling Party" for purposes of such Infringement Claim. In the case of any claim against Xencor alone, then Xencor shall be deemed to be the "Controlling Party" for purposes of such Infringement Claim.

(b) The Controlling Party shall assume control of the defense of such Infringement Claim. The non-Controlling Party, upon request of the Controlling Party, agrees to join in any such litigation, and in any event to reasonably cooperate with the Controlling Party, in each case, at the [***] expense. The non-Controlling Party will have the right to consult with the Controlling Party concerning such Infringement Claim and to participate in and be represented by independent counsel in any litigation in which such non-Controlling Party is a party at its own expense. The Controlling Party shall have the exclusive right to settle any 28

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Infringement Claim without the consent of the other Party, unless such settlement would have a material adverse impact on the other Party (in which case the consent of such other Party shall be required). For purposes of this Section 9.4.1(b), any settlement that would involve the waiver of rights (including the rights to receive payments) of such other Party shall be deemed a material adverse impact and shall require the consent of such other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

9.4.2 Prosecution of Infringers.

(a) Notice. If either Party (i) receives notice of any patent nullity actions, any declaratory judgment actions or any alleged or threatened infringement of patents or patent applications or misappropriation of intellectual property comprising the (w) Joint Inventions, (x) Xencor Patents, Xencor Inventions, or Xencor Know-How or (y) Aimmune Patents, Aimmune Inventions, Joint Collaboration Patents or Aimmune Know-How, or (ii) learns that a Third Party is infringing or allegedly infringing any Patent within the Xencor Patents, Joint Collaboration Patents or Aimmune Patents, or if any Third Party claims that any such Patent is invalid or unenforceable, it will promptly notify the other Party thereof, including providing evidence of infringement or the claim of invalidity or unenforceability reasonably available to such Party. Any matters relating to patent nullity actions, declaratory judgment actions or claims of Patent invalidity or unenforceability will be handled as provided in Section 9.3.

(b) Enforcement of Patents.

(i) As between the Parties, Aimmune will have the first right (but not the obligation) to take the appropriate steps to enforce any Patent within the Xencor Product Specific Patents, Aimmune Patents and Joint Collaboration Patents against infringement by a Third Party, that is, in each cause, conducting the manufacture, sale, use, offer for sale or import of any biopharmaceutical product. Aimmune may take any steps it reasonably believes appropriate to enforce such Patent, including the initiation, prosecution and control of any suit, proceeding or other legal action by counsel of its own choice and shall bear the costs of such enforcement, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor will have the right, at [***] expense, to be represented in any such action by counsel of its own choice.

(ii) If, pursuant to Section 9.4.2(b)(i), Aimmune fails to institute such litigation or otherwise take steps to remedy the applicable infringement within [***] ([***]) days of the date one Party has provided notice to the other Party pursuant to Section 9.4.2(a) of such infringement, then Xencor will have the right (but not the obligation), at [***] expense, to bring any such suit, action or proceeding by counsel of its own choice and Aimmune will have the right, at [***] expense, to be represented in any such action by counsel of its own choice.

(iii) As between the Parties, Xencor will have the sole right (but not the obligation) to take the appropriate steps to enforce any Patent within the Xencor General Patents against infringement by a Third Party, that is, in each cause, conducting the manufacture, sale, use, offer for sale or import of any biopharmaceutical product. Xencor may take steps including the initiation, prosecution and control of any suit, proceeding or other legal action by counsel of its own choice and shall bear the costs of such enforcement, as applicable. 29

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





(c) Cooperation; Damages.

(i) If one Party brings any suit, action or proceeding under Section 9.4.2(b), the other Party agrees to be joined as party plaintiff if necessary to prosecute the suit, action or proceeding and to give the first Party reasonable authority to file and prosecute the suit, action or proceeding; provided, however, that neither Party will be required to transfer any right, title or interest in or to any property to the other Party or any other party to confer standing on a Party hereunder without the first Party's consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(ii) The Party not pursuing the suit, action or proceeding hereunder will provide reasonable assistance to the other Party, including by providing access to relevant documents and other evidence and making its employees available, subject to the other Party's reimbursement of any costs incurred by the non-enforcing or defending Party in providing such assistance.

(iii) Aimmune shall not, without the prior written consent of Xencor ([***]), enter into [***] relating to any claim, suit or action that it brought under Section 9.4.2 involving a [***]. Xencor shall not, without the prior written consent of Aimmune ([***]), enter into any [***] relating to any claim, suit or action that it brought under Section 9.4.2 involving an [***].

(iv) Any settlements, damages or other monetary awards (a "Recovery") recovered pursuant to a suit, action or proceeding brought pursuant to Section 9.4.2(b) will be allocated first to the costs and expenses of the Party taking such action, and second, to the costs and expenses (if any) of the other Party, with any remaining amounts (if any) to be allocated as follows: (i) for a suit, action or proceeding controlled by Aimmune, Aimmune retains [***] percent ([***]%) and Xencor retains [***] percent ([***]%) of such Recovery, and (ii) for a suit, action or proceeding controlled by Xencor, be allocated between the Parties such that Xencor retains [***] percent ([***]%) and Aimmune retains [***] percent ([***]%) of such Recovery, provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), the portion of any Recoveries from any such actions involving [***].

9.5 Patent Term Extensions. As between Xencor and Aimmune, Aimmune shall have the right, but not the obligation, to seek Patent Term Extensions (including any supplemental protection certificates and the like available under Applicable Law) in any country in relation to all [***]; provided that if, with respect to a given country, Aimmune [***] then Xencor [***]. Aimmune will reasonably consider seeking Patent Term Extensions for [***], and will not [***] for the purpose of [***] under this Agreement. Aimmune and Xencor shall cooperate in connection with all such activities. Each Party, its agents and attorneys will give due consideration to all suggestions and comments of the other Party regarding any such activities, but in the event of a disagreement between the Parties, Aimmune will have the final decision making authority as to [***]. 30

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





9.6 Patent Marking. Aimmune shall mark the Product marketed and sold by Aimmune (or the other Aimmune Agreement Entities) hereunder with appropriate patent numbers or indicia.

9.7 Patent Challenge. Xencor will be permitted to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Aimmune, effective [***] ([***]) days after receipt of written notice thereof by Aimmune, if Aimmune or any of the other Aimmune Agreement Entities, directly or indirectly, (i) [***], or (ii) [***].

ARTICLE 10 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS; COMPLIANCE

10.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as follows, as of the Effective Date:

10.1.1 Corporate Existence and Power. It is a company or corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, and has full corporate power and authority and the legal right to own and operate its property and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and as contemplated in this Agreement, including the right to grant the licenses granted by it hereunder.

10.1.2 Authority and Binding Agreement. (i) It has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder, (ii) it has taken all necessary corporate action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder, and (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party that is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws and by general principles of equity.

10.1.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not (i) conflict with any agreement, instrument or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party and by which it may be bound or (ii) violate any Applicable Law.

10.1.4 All Consents and Approvals Obtained. Except with respect to Regulatory Approvals for the Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization of the Product or as otherwise described in this Agreement, (i) all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of, and (ii) all notices to, and filings by such Party with, all Governmental Authorities and other Persons required to be obtained or provided by such Party as of the Effective Date in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been obtained and provided, except for those approvals, if any, not required at the time of execution of this Agreement. 31

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





10.2 Additional Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Xencor. Xencor hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Aimmune that, as of the Effective Date:

10.2.1 Xencor has not filed any Marketing Authorization Applications with a Governmental Authority for the sale of the Product.

10.2.2 Xencor is the sole owner or licensee of the Xencor Patents existing as of the Effective Date.

10.2.3 There is no Know-How that is owned by or licensed to Xencor that is necessary in connection with the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization or other use of the Antibody or Product that is not in the Control of Xencor as the Antibody and Product exist, and as being Developed and Manufactured, as of the Effective Date.

10.2.4 Schedule 1.79 and Schedule 1.81, when taken together, set forth a true, complete and correct list of all Patents Controlled by Xencor or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date that relate to the Antibody or Product and are necessary for Developing, Manufacturing or Commercializing the Antibody or Product.

10.2.5 To Xencor's knowledge, Xencor has complied with all Applicable Laws in all material respects, including any disclosure requirements, in connection with the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Xencor Patents owned by Xencor.

10.2.6 Other than as set forth in Schedule 10.2.6, [***] the issued Patents within the Xencor Patents are neither invalid nor unenforceable.

10.2.7 No claim or demand of any Person has been asserted in writing to Xencor or its Affiliates, or to Xencor's knowledge, its licensees or sublicensees that challenges the rights of Xencor, its Affiliates, licensees or sublicensees to make, use, sell, exploit or license the Antibody or Product or to practice the Xencor Technology.

10.2.8 Neither Xencor nor, to the knowledge of Xencor, its Affiliates, licensees, sublicensees or subcontractors have received written notice of any proceedings pending before or threatened by any Regulatory Authority with respect to the Antibody or Product.

10.2.9 The Upstream Agreement is in full force and effect and, to its knowledge, no facts or circumstances exist that would give either party to the Upstream Agreement the right to terminate for the other party's material breach thereof.

10.2.10 Xencor has not used in any capacity, in connection with its Development or Manufacture of the Product prior to the Effective Date any Person who has been debarred pursuant to Section 306 of the FD&C Act (or similar Applicable Law outside of the U.S.), or who is the subject of a conviction described in such section. 32

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





10.2.11 Neither Xencor nor its Affiliates or, to the knowledge of Xencor, its licensees, sublicensees or subcontractors have made any material misstatements in any regulatory filing with any Regulatory Authority with respect to the Antibody or Product.

10.2.12 Neither Xencor nor, to the knowledge of Xencor, its Affiliates, licensees, sublicensees or independent contractors have received any notices or claims of noncompliance with Applicable Law relating to activities conducted by or facilities used by, Xencor, its Affiliates, licensees, sublicensees or independent contractors in connection with the Development or Manufacture of Antibody or Product, and Xencor is not aware of any reasonable basis for any such notices or claims.

10.2.13 [***] as of the Effective Date, neither the Development, Manufacture nor Commercialization of Antibody in the Licensed Field as the Antibody exists as of the Effective Date will infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property rights of any Third Party.

10.2.14 To Xencor's knowledge, Xencor has disclosed to Aimmune all material information in its possession or Control relating to the Antibody and Product, and all such information is accurate in all material respects.

10.2.15 Neither Xencor nor its Affiliates have developed or commercialized, and are not developing or commercializing, either directly or through enabling any Third Party (by license, sublicense or other grant of rights or performance of actions), any antibody [***], other than the Antibody.

10.2.16 The following variations of the Antibody are not required to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in the Licensed Field: (i) [***], (ii) [***], (iii) [***], (iv) [***], (v) [***], or (vi) [***].

10.3 Additional Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Aimmune. Aimmune hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Xencor that, as of the Effective Date:

10.3.1 [***]

10.3.2 Aimmune and its Affiliates (a) have not developed or commercialized, and (b) are not developing or commercializing, either directly or through enabling any Third Party, any antibody [***] other than the Antibody and Product pursuant to this Agreement.

10.3.3 As of the Effective Date, Aimmune has conducted due diligence in connection with the Development and Manufacture of the Product in the Licensed Field.

10.4 Disclaimer. Aimmune understands that the Product is the subject of ongoing clinical research and development and that Xencor cannot ensure the safety or usefulness of the Product or that the Product will receive Regulatory Approvals. 33

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





10.5 No Other Representations or Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR NON-MISAPPROPRIATION OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, ARE MADE OR GIVEN BY OR ON BEHALF OF A PARTY. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.

10.6 Compliance.

10.6.1 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. In connection with this Agreement, each Party represents, warrants and covenants to the other Party that it has complied and will comply with all Applicable Laws (including Anti-Corruption Laws) and industry codes dealing with government procurement, conflicts of interest, corruption or bribery, including, if applicable, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and any laws enacted to implement the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Officials in International Business Transactions.

10.6.2 Prohibited Conduct. In connection with this Agreement, each Party represents, warrants and covenants to the other Party that it has not made, offered, given, promised to give, or authorized, and will not make, offer, give, promise to give, or authorize, any bribe, kickback, payment or transfer of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any person or to any Government Official for the purpose of: (i) improperly influencing any act or decision of the person or Government Official; (ii) inducing the person or Government Official to do or omit to do an act in violation of a lawful or otherwise required duty; (iii) securing any improper advantage; or (iv) inducing the person or Government Official to improperly influence the act or decision of any organization, including any government or government instrumentality, in order to assist such Party in obtaining or retaining business.

ARTICLE 11 INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnification by Xencor. Xencor hereby agrees to save, indemnify, defend and hold Aimmune, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) (collectively, "Losses") arising in connection with any and all charges, complaints, actions, suits, proceedings, hearings, investigations, claims, demands, judgments, orders, decrees, stipulations or injunctions by a Third Party (each a "Claim") resulting or otherwise arising from (i) any breach by Xencor of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization (if applicable, after the Term) or the performance of a Clinical Trial for the Antibody or Product conducted by or on behalf of Xencor (or its Affiliates, licensees (other than Aimmune and its Affiliates and Sublicensees), sublicensees, or independent contractors), prior to the Effective Date or after the Term, provided that this Section (ii) is not intended to extend to strict liability Claims relating to the Product, (iii) [***], and (iv) the negligence or willful misconduct by Xencor or its Affiliates, licensees, sublicensees or subcontractors or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants in performing any obligations under this Agreement, in each case except to the extent that such Losses are subject to indemnification by Aimmune pursuant to Section 11.2. 34

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





11.2 Indemnification by Aimmune. Aimmune hereby agrees to save, indemnify, defend and hold Xencor, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, agents and employees harmless from and against any and all Losses arising in connection with any and all Claims resulting or otherwise arising from (i) any breach by Aimmune of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) [***], (iii) the negligence or willful misconduct by Aimmune (or its Affiliates, Sublicensees, subcontractors, wholesalers or distributors) or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants in performing any obligations under this Agreement, or (iv) the Development, Manufacturing, Packaging and Labeling or Commercialization of the Antibody or a Product hereunder during or after the Term (including, for clarity, any product liability Losses resulting therefrom) by Aimmune (or its Affiliates, Sublicensees, subcontractors, wholesalers or distributors) or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, in each case except to the extent that such Losses are subject to indemnification by Xencor pursuant to Section 11.1.

11.3 Indemnification Procedures.

11.3.1 A Party believing that it is entitled to indemnification under, as applicable, Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 (an "Indemnified Party") shall give prompt written notification to the other Party (the "Indemnifying Party") of the commencement of any Claim for which indemnification may be sought or, if earlier, upon the assertion of any such Claim by a Third Party (it being understood and agreed, however, that the failure by an Indemnified Party to give notice of a Claim as provided in this Section 11.3.1 shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligation under this Agreement except and only to the extent that such Indemnifying Party is actually materially prejudiced as a result of such failure to give notice). Within [***] ([***]) days after delivery of such notification, the Indemnifying Party may, upon written notice thereof to the Indemnified Party, assume control of the defense of such Claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. If a Party believes that a Claim presented to it for indemnification is one as to which the Party seeking indemnification is not entitled to indemnification under, as applicable, Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, it shall so notify the Party seeking indemnification.

11.3.2 If the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of such Claim, the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at its own expense; provided, that if the Indemnified Party reasonably concludes, based on advice from counsel, that the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party have conflicting interests with respect to such Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Party solely in connection therewith.

11.3.3 The Indemnifying Party shall keep the Indemnified Party advised of the status of such Claim and the defense thereof and shall consider recommendations made by the Indemnified Party with respect thereto. 35

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





11.3.4 The Indemnified Party shall not agree to any settlement of such Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Indemnifying Party shall not agree to any settlement of such Claim or consent to any judgment in respect thereof that does not include a complete and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from all liability with respect thereto or that imposes any liability or obligation on the Indemnified Party or adversely affects the Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

11.4 Limitation of Liability. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, OR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 11.4 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER SECTION 11.1 or 11.2, OR DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR A PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12.

11.5 Insurance. Aimmune shall procure and maintain insurance, including clinical trials insurance and product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and which is consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which the Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by Aimmune pursuant to this Agreement; provided, that any such clinical trials insurance coverage shall, prior to the First Commercial Sale of a Product, in no event be less than [***] Dollars ($[***]) per loss occurrence, and product liability insurance coverage shall, after such First Commercial Sale, in no event be less than [***] Dollars ($[***]) per loss occurrence. It is understood that such insurance shall not be construed to create a limit of Aimmune's liability with respect to its indemnification obligations under this ARTICLE 11. Aimmune shall provide Xencor with written evidence of such insurance prior to commencement of this Agreement and upon expiration of any one coverage. Aimmune shall provide Xencor with written notice at least [***] ([***]) days prior to the cancellation, nonrenewal or material change in such insurance or self-insurance which materially adversely affects the rights of Xencor hereunder.

ARTICLE 12 CONFIDENTIALITY

12.1 Confidential Information.

12.1.1 The Parties agree that during the Term, and for a period of [***] ([***]) years thereafter, a Party receiving Confidential Information of the other Party will (X) maintain in confidence such Confidential Information to the same extent such Party maintains its own proprietary information of similar kind and value, and, in any event, no less than a reasonable standard of care, (Y) not disclose such Confidential Information to any Third Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, except as otherwise expressly permitted below, and (Z) not use such Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement. 36

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





As used herein, "Confidential Information" means all Know-How and other information and materials received by either Party from the other Party or its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement. The foregoing obligations and the other obligations set forth in this Section 12.1 shall not apply with respect to any portion of such Confidential Information which:

(a) is publicly disclosed by the disclosing Party, either before or after it becomes known to the receiving Party;

(b) was known to the receiving Party or any or its Affiliates, without any obligation to keep it confidential, prior to when it was received from the disclosing Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to the receiving Party or any of its Affiliates by a Third Party that is lawfully in possession thereof without obligation to keep it confidential;

(d) has been published by a Third Party or otherwise enters the public domain through no fault of the receiving Party or any of its Affiliates in breach of this Agreement; or

(e) has been independently developed or acquired by the receiving Party or any of its Affiliates without the aid, application or use of the disclosing Party's Confidential Information.

12.1.2 The receiving Party shall have the right to disclose any Confidential Information provided by the other Party hereunder if, in the reasonable opinion of the receiving Party's legal counsel, such disclosure is necessary to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or the requirements of any law or rule imposed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange or other Applicable Law, but only to the extent of such necessity or requirements; and no such disclosure shall cause any such information to cease to be Confidential Information hereunder, except to the extent such disclosure results in a public disclosure of such information. Where reasonably possible, the receiving Party shall notify the disclosing Party of the receiving Party's intent to make such disclosure of Confidential Information pursuant to the preceding sentence sufficiently prior to making such disclosure so as to allow the disclosing Party adequate time to take whatever action the disclosing Party may deem to be appropriate to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.

12.1.3 Except as set forth above, each Party agrees that it shall provide or permit access to Confidential Information of the other Party only to (i) the receiving Party's attorneys, independent accountants and financial advisors for the sole purpose of enabling such attorneys, independent accountants and financial advisors to provide advice to the receiving Party and (ii) the receiving Party's Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, consultants, advisors, actual or potential acquirers and permitted subcontractors, sublicensees and subdistributors, and to the directors, officers, employees, consultants, advisors and permitted subcontractors, actual or potential acquirers, sublicensees and subdistributors of such Affiliates, who have a need to know such Confidential Information to assist the receiving Party with the 37

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





activities contemplated or required of it by this Agreement; provided that in each case the Person to whom Confidential Information is being disclosed is subject to obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to such Confidential Information substantially similar to the obligations of confidentiality and nonuse of the receiving Party pursuant to this Section 12.1; and provided further, that each Party shall remain responsible for any failure by its attorneys, independent accountants and financial advisors, Affiliates, and its and its Affiliates' respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, advisors, actual or potential acquirers and permitted subcontractors, sublicensees and subdistributors, to treat such Confidential Information as required under this Section 12.1.

For clarity, either Party may disclose without any limitation such Party's U.S. federal income tax treatment and the U.S. federal income tax structure of the transactions relating to such Party that are based on or derived from this Agreement, as well as all materials of any kind (including opinions, other tax analyses, or a complete copy of this Agreement and any amendments thereto) relating to such tax treatment or tax structure, except to the extent that nondisclosure of such matters is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws.

12.1.4 Each Party acknowledges that a Party in breach of any of its obligations under this Section 12.1 shall cause the non-breaching Party irreparable harm, for which monetary damages will be an inadequate remedy. Therefore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement in the event of any such breach, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedy available to it under this Agreement, at law or in equity, to injunctive relief, including an accounting for profits, specific performance of the terms hereof and other equitable relief for such breach, without the posting of bond or other security.

12.2 Publicity. Promptly after the Effective Date, the Parties shall each issue the applicable press release in the form attached hereto as Schedule 12.2, with respect to this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, any press releases or other public statements or disclosures regarding the subject matter of this Agreement shall be subject to the express prior written consent of each of the Parties; provided that a disclosure shall be permitted without the other Party's consent to the extent that it does not contain information beyond that included in a prior disclosure approved in writing by both Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing any disclosure which is required by Applicable Law or the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange, as reasonably advised by the disclosing Party's counsel, may be made without the prior consent of the other Party, although, prior to any such legally required disclosure by a Party, such Party shall use reasonable efforts where practicable to give the other Party reasonable notice and an opportunity to comment on the proposed disclosure.

12.3 Securities Filings. In the event either Party proposes to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the securities regulators of any state or other jurisdiction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other applicable securities law a registration statement or any other disclosure document which describes or refers to this Agreement, such Party shall notify the other Party of such intention and shall provide such other Party with a copy of relevant portions of the proposed filing not less than [***] ([***]) Business Days prior to such filing (or such shorter period of time as may be required in the circumstances, and any revisions to such 38

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





portions of the proposed filing a reasonable time prior to the filing thereof), and shall use reasonable efforts where practicable to consider such comments to the extent consistent with such Party's disclosure obligations under applicable securities laws or rules of a securities exchange.

12.4 Publications. Except for disclosures permitted under this Agreement, if Xencor, its Affiliates, or its employee(s) or consultant(s) wishes to make a publication or presentation specific to the Product or which otherwise may reasonably contain Know-How, or other intellectual property, of Aimmune, Xencor must receive written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Aimmune at least [***] ([***]) days prior to submission for publication or presentation. If Aimmune, its Affiliates, or its employee(s) or consultant(s) wishes to make a publication specific to the Product or which otherwise may reasonably contain Xencor Technology, Aimmune shall deliver to Xencor a copy of the proposed written publication or an outline of an oral disclosure at least [***] ([***]) days prior to submission for publication or presentation and reasonably consider any comments of Xencor thereon; provided that subject to Sections 12.1 through 12.3, to the extent such publication describes or is specific to Xencor Technology, Aimmune must receive written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Xencor prior to submitting such publication to any Third Party.

12.5 Use of Names. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, neither Party shall use the name of the other Party in relation to this transaction in any public announcement, press release or other public document without the written consent of such other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that subject to Section 12.3, either Party may use the name of the other Party in any document filed with any Regulatory Authority or Governmental Authority, including the Securities and Exchange Commission or the rules of any securities exchange.

12.6 Unauthorized Disclosure of Confidential Information. Each Party shall have a response plan in place for any disclosure of Confidential Information that is not authorized or otherwise permitted under this Agreement. Such plan shall include considerations of, among other things, notification, remediation and retrieval. In the event that a Party becomes aware of an unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information, then such Party shall notify the other Party promptly in writing.

12.7 Prior CDA. As of the Effective Date, the terms of this ARTICLE 12 shall supersede any prior non-disclosure, secrecy or confidentiality agreement between the Parties (or their Affiliates) dealing with the subject of this Agreement, including the Confidentiality Agreement between the Parties dated [***]. Any information disclosed pursuant to any such prior agreement shall be deemed Confidential Information of the applicable Party for purposes of this Agreement, to the extent that such information was deemed to be "Proprietary Information" under such prior agreement. 39

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





ARTICLE 13 TERM AND TERMINATION

13.1 Term. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term"). Upon expiration of this Agreement with respect to a Product in a country, the licenses granted to Aimmune pursuant to this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect on a fully-paid basis.

13.2 Termination for Breach. Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party in the event that the other Party (the "Breaching Party") shall have materially breached or defaulted in the performance of any of its obligations. The Breaching Party shall have sixty (60) days (thirty (30) days in the event of non-payment) after written notice thereof was provided to the Breaching Party by the non-breaching Party to remedy such default. Unless the Breaching Party has cured any such breach or default prior to the expiration of such sixty (60) day period (thirty (30) day period for non-payment), such termination shall become effective upon receipt of the written notice of termination by the Breaching Party to be given within ten (10) days of the end of such sixty (60) day period (thirty (30) day period for non-payment). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Aimmune as the Breaching Party has materially breached or defaulted in the performance of any of its payment obligations under this Agreement a third time or more in any three (3) year period, then Xencor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately by providing written notice Aimmune, without Aimmune having opportunity to cure such breach or default.

13.3 Termination as a Result of Bankruptcy. Each Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice as a result of the filing or institution of bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings, or upon an assignment of a substantial portion of the assets for the benefit of creditors by the other Party; provided that such termination shall be effective only if such proceeding is not dismissed within ninety (90) days after the filing thereof.

13.4 Termination by Aimmune. Aimmune may terminate this Agreement in its entirety at any time for its convenience upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Xencor.

13.5 Termination by Xencor. Without limitation of its rights under this ARTICLE 13, Xencor may also terminate this Agreement in its entirety as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.7.

ARTICLE 14 EFFECTS OF EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION

14.1 Licenses. Upon the termination of this Agreement:

14.1.1 all rights and licenses granted to Aimmune hereunder shall immediately terminate and be of no further force and effect and Aimmune shall cease Developing, Commercializing, Manufacturing and Packaging and Labeling such Product in and for all applicable countries; provided, that Aimmune and its Affiliates will be entitled, during the period 40

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





ending on the last day of the [***] following the effective date of such termination, to sell any inventory of Product affected by such termination that remains on hand as of the effective date of the termination, so long as Aimmune pays to Xencor all amounts payable hereunder (including milestones) applicable to said subsequent sales, as applicable, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and otherwise complies with the terms set forth in this Agreement.

14.1.2 Aimmune hereby grants to Xencor an exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Patents, and a non-exclusive license under and with respect to Aimmune Know-How, in each case, where such license is an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-bearing license, with the right to sublicense, to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product(s), as the Product(s) exist as of the effective date of such termination, or optimized versions thereof that are Products. For clarity, upon the termination of this Agreement, as consideration for such licenses granted under this Section 14.1.2, Xencor shall [***], and Xencor shall be responsible for [***]; provided further that Xencor shall have the right to terminate such license and forgo paying such royalties at its sole discretion upon written notice to Aimmune.

14.2 Assignments. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Aimmune will promptly, in each case within [***] ([***]) days thereafter:

(a) assign to Xencor, [***], all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any agreements (or portions thereof) between Aimmune and Third Parties that relate to the Development, Commercialization or Manufacture of the Product, where such assignment is permitted without charge to Aimmune or its Affiliates and where Xencor shall assume all future payments due under any agreement assigned pursuant to this subsection;

(b) assign to Xencor, [***], and subject to the execution of a standard trademark license between the Parties prior to such assignment, all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any (i) Promotional Materials, (ii) copyrights and trademarks (including the Product Trademarks and Product Trade Dress), including any goodwill associated therewith, and any registrations and design patents for the foregoing, and (iii) any internet domain name registrations for such trademarks and slogans, all to the extent solely related to the Product; provided, however, in the event Xencor exercises such right to have assigned such Promotional Materials, Aimmune shall grant, and hereby does grant, a royalty-free right and license to any housemarks, trademarks, names and logos of Aimmune contained therein for a period of [***] ([***]) months in order to use such Promotional Materials solely in connection with the Commercialization of the Product;

(c) assign to Xencor, [***], the management and continued performance of any Clinical Trials for the Product ongoing hereunder as of the effective date of such termination in respect of which Xencor shall assume full financial responsibility from and after the effective date of such termination;

(d) transfer to Xencor all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any and all regulatory filings, Regulatory Approvals and other Regulatory Materials for the Product; 41

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





(e) transfer to Xencor all of Aimmune's right, title and interest in and to any and all Development-related data and Commercialization Data Controlled by Aimmune for the Product; and

(f) provide a copy of (i) the material tangible embodiments of the foregoing and (ii) any other material books, records, files and documents Controlled by Aimmune solely to the extent related to the Product and which may be redacted to exclude Confidential Information of Aimmune;

provided, however, that to the extent that any agreement or other asset described in this Section 14.2 is not assignable by Aimmune (whether because such agreement or asset is explicitly non-assignable or because the Third Party consent required for such assignment is not obtained), then such agreement or other asset will not be assigned, and upon the request of Xencor, Aimmune will take such steps as may be reasonably necessary to allow Xencor to obtain and to enjoy the benefits of such agreement or other asset. For purposes of clarity, (1) [***] and (2) to the extent Xencor requests [***].

14.3 Disclosure and Delivery. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Aimmune will promptly transfer to Xencor copies of any physical embodiment of any Aimmune Know-How, to the extent then used in connection with the Development or Commercialization of the Product; such transfer shall be effected by the delivery of material documents, to the extent such Aimmune Know-How is embodied in such documents, and to the extent that Aimmune Know-How is not fully embodied in such documents, Aimmune shall make its employees and agents who have knowledge of such Aimmune Know-How in addition to that embodied in documents available to Xencor for interviews, demonstrations and training to effect such transfer in a manner sufficient to enable Xencor to practice such Aimmune Know-How but only in a manner as set out as follows in this Section 14.3. The Aimmune Know- How shall be transferred pursuant to the procedure to transfer Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data in Section 2.7 applied mutatis mutandis.

14.4 Disposition of Commercialization Related Materials. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Aimmune will promptly deliver to Xencor in electronic, sortable form (a) a list identifying all wholesalers and other distributors involved in the Commercialization of the Product, will reasonably consider providing customer lists (e.g., purchasers), where permitted under Applicable Law and under applicable agreements with Third Parties, at Xencor's expense, related to the Commercialization of the Product, and (b) all Promotional Materials as well as any items bearing the Product Trademark or Product Trade Dress and/or any trademarks or housemarks otherwise associated with the Product or Xencor.

14.5 Accrued Rights. Expiration or termination this Agreement for any reason will be without prejudice to any rights that will have accrued to the benefit of a Party prior to the effective date of such expiration or termination. Such expiration or termination will not relieve a Party from obligations that are expressly indicated to survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 42

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





14.6 Survival. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the following provisions shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Articles: ARTICLE 1 (to the extent necessary to give effect to the other surviving provisions), ARTICLE 4 (solely with respect to remaining inventory of Product that Aimmune continues to sell after the effective date of termination), ARTICLE 7 (with respect to amounts accruing prior to expiration or termination of this Agreement), ARTICLE 11, ARTICLE 12 (for the period specified in Section 12.1.1), ARTICLE 14, ARTICLE 15 and ARTICLE 8 (with respect to amounts accruing prior to expiration or termination of this Agreement) and Sections: 2.2.1, 2.3 (with respect to the applicable Party being responsible for its Affiliates or Sublicensee, and the waiver), 2.4, 9.1, 10.2 (for [***] after the effective date of termination or expiration), 10.3 (for [***] after the effective date of termination or expiration), 10.4, and 10.5. Except as set forth in this ARTICLE 14 or otherwise expressly set forth herein, upon expiration or termination of this Agreement all other rights and obligations of the Parties shall cease.

14.7 Rights in Bankruptcy. All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by Xencor and Aimmune are, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, licenses of right to "intellectual property" as defined under Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that each Party, as licensee of certain rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Parties further agree that, in the event of the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by or against a Party (such Party, the "Bankrupt Party") under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, (a) the other Party shall be entitled to a complete duplicate of (or complete access to, as appropriate) any intellectual property licensed to such other Party and all embodiments of such intellectual property, which, if not already in such other Party's possession, shall be promptly delivered to it (x) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding upon such other Party's written request therefore, unless the Bankrupt Party elects to continue to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement or (y) if not delivered under clause (x), following the rejection of this Agreement by the Bankrupt Party upon written request therefore by the other Party and (b) the Bankrupt Party shall not unreasonably interfere with the other Party's rights to intellectual property and all embodiments of intellectual property, and shall assist and not unreasonably interfere with the other Party in obtaining intellectual property and all embodiments of intellectual property from another entity. The "embodiments" of intellectual property includes all tangible, intangible, electronic or other embodiments of rights and licenses hereunder, including all compounds and products embodying intellectual property, Products, filings with Regulatory Authorities and related rights and Xencor Know-How in the case that Xencor is the Bankrupt Party and Aimmune Know-How in the case Aimmune is the Bankrupt Party.

ARTICLE 15 MISCELLANEOUS

15.1 Disputes. The Parties recognize that, from time to time, disputes, controversies or claim may arise which stem from or are related to a Party's respective rights or obligations under this Agreement or a Party's actual or alleged breach of this Agreement (a "Dispute"). It is the desire of the Parties to establish procedures to facilitate the resolution of Disputes arising under this Agreement in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without resort to 43

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





arbitration or litigation. To accomplish this objective, the Parties agree to follow the procedures set forth in this Section 15.1 if and when a Dispute arises under this Agreement. If the Parties are unable to resolve any Dispute within [***] ([***]) days after such Dispute is submitted to it, either Party may, by written notice to the other Party, have such Dispute referred to Designated Officers of each Party for attempted resolution. In the event the Designated Officers or their delegates are not able to resolve such Dispute within such [***] ([***]) day period after receipt of written notice, then each Party is free to pursue any remedy at law or in equity available to such Party consistent with Section 15.13.

15.2 Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement, together with the Schedules and Exhibits hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any other express or implied agreements and understandings, negotiations, writings and commitments, either oral or written, in respect to the subject matter hereof are superseded by the terms of this Agreement. The Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall be deemed a part of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only by a written instrument duly executed by authorized representatives of each of the Parties.

15.3 Force Majeure. No Party shall be liable for any failure to perform, or be considered in breach of, its obligations under this Agreement (other than obligations to make payments of money) to the extent such performance has been delayed, interfered with or prevented by an event of Force Majeure, and the obligations of such Party under this Agreement (other than obligations to make payments of money) whose performance is affected by Force Majeure shall be suspended during, but not longer than, the continuance of the event of Force Majeure. Any Party that experiences an event of Force Majeure shall provide prompt notice of such event to the other Party, including and an estimate of the likely period of time during which its performance will be affected, and shall use reasonable efforts to remove the condition constituting Force Majeure. In the event of a prolonged condition of Force Majeure that makes it unreasonable to continue to perform other activities then being performed by the Parties and their Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties shall consult directly as to whether they should appropriately scale back their respective activities in order to avoid waste or inappropriate usage of resources under the circumstances.

15.4 Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall specifically refer to this Agreement and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given for all purposes if; mailed by first class certified or registered mail, postage prepaid (which notice shall be effective [***] ([***]) Business Days [***]); express delivery service (which notice shall be effective on the first Business Day after delivery to such service); or personally delivered to the appropriate addresses (which notice shall be effective upon delivery to such addresses) set forth below or to such other addresses or numbers for a Party as such Party may inform the other Party by giving [***] ([***]) Business Days' prior written notice: If to Xencor: Xencor, Inc. 111 West Lemon Avenue Monrovia, CA 91016 Attention: General Counsel 44

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





With copies to (which shall not constitute notice): Xencor, Inc. 111 West Lemon Avenue Monrovia, CA 91016 Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP 1 Market Street, Spear Street Tower San Francisco, CA 94105 Attention: Benjamin Pensak

If to Aimmune: Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. 8000 Marina Boulevard Suite 300 Brisbane, CA 94005 Attention: General Counsel

With copies to (which shall not constitute notice): Latham & Watkins LLP 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, CA 94025 Attention: Patrick Pohlen Judith Hasko

15.5 Maintenance of Records. Aimmune shall keep and maintain all records required by Applicable Law or regulation (including records for intellectual property protection purposes) with respect to the Antibody and Product and shall, upon Xencor's written request, allow Xencor reasonable access to make copies of such records, at Xencor's expense. Aimmune must maintain such records for the greater of [***] ([***]) years or the time period required by Applicable Law.

15.6 Assignment. Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that a Party may make such an assignment or transfer without the other Party's written consent to (a) any of its Affiliates, in whole or in part, or (b) any Third Party in connection with (i) the acquisition of such Party by or merger or consolidation of such Party with another entity or (ii) a merger, consolidation, sale of stock, sale of all or substantially all of such Party's assets or other similar transaction in which such Third Party either becomes the owner of all or substantially all of the business and assets of (y) such Party or (z) that portion of such Party's business or business unit relating to this Agreement. Any permitted successor or assignee of rights or obligations hereunder shall, in a writing delivered to the other Party, expressly assume the performance of such rights or obligations. Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, in the event of an assignment or transfer as permitted above in this Section 15.6, the assigning or transferring Party shall remain responsible (jointly and severally) with such Affiliate for the 45

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





performance of such assigned or transferred obligations. Any assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer, by either Party in violation of the terms of this Section 15.6 shall be null and void and of no legal effect. This Agreement shall be binding on, and inure to the benefit of, each Party, its successors and permitted assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of any permitted assignment, the intellectual property rights of the acquiring party and its Affiliates (if other than one of the Parties to this Agreement) shall not be included in the technology licensed to the other Party hereunder to the extent held by such acquirer (or its Affiliates) prior to such transaction, or to the extent such technology is developed outside the scope of activities conducted with respect to the Antibody or Products, unless the acquired Party practices such intellectual property rights of the acquirer in connection with its performance of activities pursuant to this Agreement.

15.7 Offset Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither Party may, at any time or for any reason, offset any payments due to the other Party or its Affiliates under this Agreement.

15.8 Severability. If any one (1) or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is taken, such provision shall be considered severed from this Agreement and shall not serve to invalidate any remaining provisions hereof. The Parties shall make a good faith effort to replace any invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable one such that the objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be realized.

15.9 Cumulative Remedies. No remedy referred to in this Agreement is intended to be exclusive, but each shall be cumulative and in addition to any other remedy referred to in this Agreement or otherwise available under Applicable Law.

15.10 Ambiguities; No Presumption. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement has been diligently reviewed by and negotiated by and between them, that in such negotiations each of them has been represented by competent counsel and that the final agreement contained herein, including the language whereby it has been expressed, represents the joint efforts of the Parties hereto and their counsel. Accordingly, in interpreting this Agreement or any provision hereof, no presumption shall apply against any Party hereto as being responsible for the wording or drafting of this Agreement or any such provision, and ambiguities, if any, in this Agreement shall not be construed against any Party, irrespective of which Party may be deemed to have authored the ambiguous provision.

15.11 Headings. The headings for each Article and Section in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to limit or expand on the meaning of the language contained in the particular article or section.

15.12 Interpretation. Except where the context expressly requires otherwise, (a) the use of any gender herein shall be deemed to encompass references to either or both genders, and the use of the singular shall be deemed to include the plural (and vice versa), (b) the words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation", (c) the word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the 46

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





word "shall", (d) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (e) any reference herein to any person shall be construed to include the person's successors and assigns, (f) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (g) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules of this Agreement, and references to this Agreement include all Exhibits and Schedules hereto, (h) the word "notice" means notice in writing (whether or not specifically stated) and shall include notices, consents, approvals and other written communications contemplated under this Agreement, (i) provisions that require that a Party or the Parties hereunder to "agree", "consent" or "approve" or the like shall require that such agreement, consent or approval be specific and in writing, whether by written agreement, letter, approved minutes or otherwise (but excluding instant messaging), (j) references to any specific law, rule or regulation, or article, section or other division thereof, shall be deemed to include the then-current amendments thereto or any replacement or successor law, rule or regulation thereof, and (k) the term "or" shall be interpreted in the inclusive sense commonly associated with the term "and/or."

15.13 Governing Law and Equitable Relief.

15.13.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state; provided that any matters relating to the construction or effect of any Patent will be governed by the patent laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which such Patent is granted. This Agreement was prepared in the English language, which language shall govern the interpretation of, and any dispute regarding, the terms of this Agreement.

15.13.2 Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Party shall have the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction that may be necessary to avoid irreparable harm or to maintain the status quo.

15.13.3 Jurisdiction. Each Party (a) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any United States District Court in California (the "Court"), for purposes of any action, suit or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement, (b) agrees not to raise any objection at any time to the laying or maintaining of the venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in any of such Court, and (c) irrevocably waives any claim that such action, suit or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably waives the right to object, with respect to such action, suit or other proceeding, that such Court does not have any jurisdiction over such Party. Each Party further agrees that service or any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to such Party's notice address provided for in this Agreement shall be effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in California with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction in this Section 47

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





15.13.3. Notwithstanding the forgoing, nothing contained in this Agreement will deny any Party the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction applying the laws of the court in the context of a bona fide emergency or prospective irreparable harm, and such an action may be filed and maintained notwithstanding any other ongoing proceeding.

15.13.4 No Waiver. Any delay in enforcing a Party's rights under this Agreement or any waiver as to a particular default or other matter shall not constitute a waiver of such Party's rights to the future enforcement of its rights under this Agreement, except with respect to an express written and signed waiver relating to a particular matter for a particular period of time.

15.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. No person or entity other than Aimmune, Xencor and their respective Affiliates, successors and permitted assignees hereunder, shall be deemed an intended beneficiary hereunder or have any right to enforce any obligation of this Agreement.

15.15 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that Aimmune and Xencor shall be independent contractors and that the relationship between Aimmune and Xencor shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Aimmune nor Xencor shall have the authority to make any statements, representations, or commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on the other Party, without the prior written consent of such other Party.

15.16 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in three (3) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one (1) and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by delivery of electronically scanned copies of original signatures delivered by facsimile or electronic mail, and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party as if they were original signatures.

[No Further Text on This Page] 48

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above. AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC. XENCOR, INC.

By: /s/ Jayson Dallas, M.D By: /s/ Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D.

Name: Jayson Dallas, M.D Name: Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D.

Title: President & CEO Title: President & CEO 49

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 1.10 Antibody

Omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5) 50

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 1.79 Xencor General Patents

Omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5) 51

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 1.81 Xencor Product Specific Patents

Omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5) 52

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 2.7 Xencor Know-How, Regulatory Materials, and Regulatory Data

Omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5) 53

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 6.1 Initial Product Supply

Omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5) 54

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 10.2.6 Exceptions

Omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5) 55

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Schedule 12.2 Initial Press Release 56

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Distribution on Wednesday, 2/5 @ 8:01 am ET

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Aimmune Licenses Exclusive Worldwide Rights to Xencor's XmAb7195 for the Development of Next-Generation Food Allergy Treatments

BRISBANE, Calif. - February 5, 2020 - Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: AIMT), a biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for potentially life-threatening food allergies, today announced it has obtained an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize the investigational humanized monoclonal antibody XmAb7195 from Xencor, Inc.

XmAb7195, which has been renamed AIMab7195, was originally developed by Xencor for the treatment of allergic asthma. It uses three distinct mechanisms of action to reduce blood serum IgE and suppress IgE-producing cells. Aimmune initially plans to develop AIMab7195 as an adjunctive treatment with select Characterized Oral Desensitized ImmunoTherapy (CODIT) programs, including PALFORZIA , to explore treatment outcomes in patients with food allergies.

"As we look to the future of food allergy treatments, we are excited to explore the potential of oral immunotherapy to achieve greater levels of desensitization - and perhaps even remission - when combined with adjunctive biologics that target immune pathways," said Jayson Dallas, M.D., President and CEO of Aimmune. "In-licensing AIMab7195 demonstrates our commitment to enriching our pipeline and strengthening Aimmune's global leadership in the evolving therapeutic landscape of food allergy treatments."

"Aimmune's focus, clinical success and regulatory expertise in food allergy demonstrate their capability to advance AIMab7195 with highly complementary CODIT pipeline programs to create new options for people living with food allergy," said Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., President and CEO of Xencor. "AIMab7195 is designed to reduce levels of IgE, a key mediator of allergic response, and there is strong scientific rationale that this reduction would synergize with the activity of desensitization therapies."

Under the terms of the agreement, Aimmune will make an upfront payment to Xencor of $5 million in cash and $5 million in equity, equivalent to 156,238 newly issued shares of Aimmune common stock at $32.0025/share. Xencor also is eligible to receive up to $385 million based on the achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory and commercialization milestones  beginning with the initiation of a Phase 2 clinical trial  and is eligible to receive a high single-digit to mid-teen percentage of royalties upon commercialization of AIMab7195. Aimmune will be solely responsible for costs related to the development of AIMab7195 and plans to provide a development plan in the coming months.

About AIMab7195 (formerly XmAb7195)

AIMab7195 is an anti-IgE monoclonal antibody with enhanced binding to the Fc gamma receptor IIb (FcyRIIb). IgE recognizes and interacts with allergens and, as a result, can activate immune cells, such as mast cells and basophils, that drive an allergic response

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





in patients. AIMab7195 is designed to clear IgE rapidly from circulation, to prevent the production of IgE by preventing the activation of IgE-positive B cells, and to block IgE from interacting with its receptor on immune cells. AIMab7195 has been evaluated in two Phase 1 studies that enrolled more than 100 healthy volunteers and patients with allergy and atopic disease.

About Aimmune

Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company that aspires to become the global leader in developing curative therapies and solutions for patients with food allergies. With a mission to improve the lives of people with food allergies, Aimmune is developing and commercializing oral treatments for potentially life-threatening food allergies. The Company's Characterized Oral Desensitization ImmunoTherapy (CODIT) approach is intended to provide meaningful levels of protection against allergic reactions resulting from accidental exposure to food allergens by desensitizing patients with defined, precise amounts of key allergens. Aimmune has one FDA-approved medicine for peanut allergy and other investigational therapies in development to treat other food allergies. For more information, please visit www.aimmune.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: Aimmune's expectations regarding the potential benefits of AIMab7195; and Aimmune's expectations regarding potential applications of the CODIT  approach to treating life-threatening food allergies. Risks and uncertainties that contribute to the uncertain nature of the forward-looking statements include: the expectation that Aimmune will need additional funds to finance its operations; Aimmune's dependence on the success of PALFORZIA; Aimmune's reliance on third parties for the manufacture of AIMab7195, PALFORZIA and other product candidates; possible regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; and Aimmune's ability to attract and retain senior management personnel. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in Aimmune's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. Aimmune undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.

This press release concerns PALFORZIA (AR101), which has been approved for marketing by the FDA in the United States and has not been approved for marketing by the EMA or Swissmedic. AR101 in Europe is currently limited to investigational use, and no representation is made as to its safety or effectiveness for the purposes for which it is being investigated.

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





AIMab7195 T M, PALFORZIA , AIMMUNE , AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS  and CODIT  are trademarks of Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc

Xencor and XmAb are registered trademarks of Xencor, Inc.

###

Contacts: Investors: DeDe Sheel (917) 834-1494 dsheel@aimmune.com

Media: Julie Normart (559) 974-3245 jnormart@w2ogroup.com

Lauren Barbiero (646) 564-2156 lbarbiero@w2ogroup.com

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





Aimmune Licenses Exclusive Worldwide Rights to Xencor's XmAb7195 for the Development of Next-Generation Food Allergy Treatments

MONROVIA, Calif. - February 5, 2020 - Xencor, Inc. (NASDAQ:XNCR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases, announced it has granted an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize the investigational humanized monoclonal antibody XmAb7195 to Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc.

XmAb7195, which has been renamed AIMab7195, was originally developed by Xencor for the treatment of allergic asthma. It uses three distinct mechanisms of action to reduce blood serum IgE and suppress IgE-producing cells. Aimmune initially plans to develop AIMab7195 as an adjunctive treatment with select Characterized Oral Desensitized ImmunoTherapy (CODIT) programs, including PALFORZIA , to explore treatment outcomes in patients with food allergies.

"As we look to the future of food allergy treatments, we are excited to explore the potential of oral immunotherapy to achieve greater levels of desensitization - and perhaps even remission - when combined with adjunctive biologics that target immune pathways," said Jayson Dallas, M.D., president and CEO of Aimmune. "In-licensing AIMab7195 demonstrates our commitment to enriching our pipeline and strengthening Aimmune's global leadership in the evolving therapeutic landscape of food allergy treatments."

"Aimmune's focus, clinical success and regulatory expertise in food allergy demonstrate their capability to advance AIMab7195 with highly complementary CODIT pipeline programs to create new options for people living with food allergy," said Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., President and CEO of Xencor. "AIMab7195 is designed to reduce levels of IgE, a key mediator of allergic response, and there is strong scientific rationale that this reduction would synergize with the activity of desensitization therapies."

Under the terms of the agreement, Aimmune will make an upfront payment to Xencor of $5 million in cash and $5 million in equity, equivalent to 156,238 newly issued shares of Aimmune common stock at $32.0025/share, the seven-day volume weighted average price. Xencor also is eligible to receive up to $385 million based on the achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory and commercialization milestones - beginning with the initiation of a Phase 2 clinical trial - and is eligible to receive a high single-digit to mid-teen percentage of royalties upon commercialization of AIMab7195. Aimmune will be solely responsible for costs related to the development of AIMab7195 and plans to provide a development plan in the coming months.

About AIMab7195 (formerly XmAb7195)

AIMab7195 is an anti-IgE monoclonal antibody with enhanced binding to the Fc gamma receptor IIb (FcyRIIb). IgE recognizes and interacts with allergens and, as a result, can activate immune cells, such as mast cells and basophils, that drive an allergic response in patients. AIMab7195 is designed to clear IgE rapidly from circulation, to prevent the production of IgE by preventing the activation of IgE-positive B cells, and to block IgE from interacting with its receptor on immune cells. AIMab7195 has been evaluated in two Phase 1 studies that enrolled more than 100 healthy volunteers and patients with allergy and atopic disease.

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020





About Xencor, Inc.

Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. Currently, 15 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, the quotations from the chief executive officers of Xencor and Aimmune and any expectations relating to the potential benefits of AIMab7195; its clinical development, synergies with CODIT  programs and efficacy; regulatory approval; or commercialization. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements and the timing of events to be materially different from those implied by such statements, and therefore these statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such risks include, without limitation, the risks associated with the process of discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing drugs that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics and other risks described in Xencor's public securities filings. For a discussion of these and other factors, please refer to Xencor's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 as well as Xencor's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are based on Xencor's current information and belief as well as assumptions made by Xencor. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and Xencor undertakes no obligation to revise or update this press release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by law.

AIMab7195 , PALFORZIA , AIMMUNE , AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS  and CODIT  are trademarks of Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc

Xencor and XmAb are registered trademarks of Xencor, Inc.

Contacts

Charles Liles 626-737-8118 cliles@xencor.com

Media Contact Jason I. Spark Canale Communications 619-849-6005 jason@canalecomm.com

Source: AIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 2/5/2020
Exhibit 10.5

Note: Portions of this exhibit indicated by"[*]" are subject to a confidential treatment request, and have been omitted from this exhibit. Complete, unredacted copies of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of this Company's confidential treatment request.

Distributor Agreement                              ---------------------

This Distributor Agreement (the "Agreement") is made effective as of the 31st day of March, 2000 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Airspan Networks Incorporated, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Washington having its principal office at 777 108th Avenue NE, Suite 1895, Bellevue, Washington 98004 ("Airspan") and GLS LLC, ("Distributor") a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the State of South Dakota having its principal office at 501 Fourth Street, Sergeant Bluff, IA 51054.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Airspan is engaged in the design and manufacture of various telecommunications product lines, including, among others, those product lines more completely described in Schedule I hereto (the product lines described in Schedule I, as from time to time amended in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, are hereinafter called the "Airspan Products") the hardware components thereof are sometimes referred to separately as "Equipment," the software components thereof are sometimes referred to separately as "Software" as defined in Section 11.1, and an arrangement of Equipment which, when interfaced with Software, is operable to perform predetermined functions, is referred to as a "System");

WHEREAS, Distributor is engaged in the promotion of sales of telecommunications products; and

WHEREAS, Airspan desires to appoint Distributor as a Distributor for the Airspan Products for the territory described in Schedule II hereto (the "Territory").

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1.   APPOINTMENT.      -----------

1.1  Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Airspan hereby appoints Distributor as an independent, exclusive distributor to assist Airspan in marketing the Airspan Products to customers in the Territory, and Distributor hereby accepts such appointment as of the Effective Date of this Agreement. Distributor's appointment as a distributor of the Airspan Products grants to Distributor only a license to resell the

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 1

Airspan Products to Distributor's customers in the Territory, and does not transfer any right, title, or interest in any of the Airspan Software to Distributor.

1.2  Distributor's relationship to Airspan is that of an independent contractor, and nothing in this Agreement shall constitute Distributor as the agent or employee of Airspan.  Distributor shall have no authority to accept any order or make any offer (except as herein stated), or execute any instrument or make any commitment on behalf of Airspan.  Specifically, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, Distributor agrees not to make any representation, guarantee, or warranty on Airspan's behalf concerning the Airspan Products, but will refer customers to Airspan's printed literature. Nothing contained in this Agreement is to be construed as a limitation or restriction upon Airspan in the sale or other disposition of any of its products to any person, firm, or corporation inside or outside of the Territory. Airspan will pay no commissions under this Agreement.  Distributor's compensation is to be obtained solely by the difference between the price Distributor pays to Airspan and the price Distributor charges its customers. The parties also acknowledge that this Agreement is not intended to create a joint venture or partnership between Airspan and Distributor.

1.3  Distributor will use its best efforts to maintain and support the Airspan Products within the Territory by devoting such attention, time, and effort as may be reasonably necessary to fully develop the available market potential.  During the term of this Agreement, and for a period of three (3) months following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Distributor agrees that neither it nor any organization or entity controlled or directed by it will, without Airspan's prior, written consent, represent a manufacturer or supplier of products similar in design or performance to or which are of such a nature as to be competitive with any products contained in the Airspan Products, nor will Distributor market or otherwise promote the sale of such products. Distributor will give Airspan thirty (30) days' prior, written notice of each new potential representation role being considered by Distributor, and Distributor will not undertake such representation without Airspan's prior, written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. Except as





provided above, in no event will Airspan consent to Distributor's consultation for or representation of a manufacturer or supplier, which is directly or indirectly, a competitor of Airspan.

1.4  Distributor shall maintain a place of business at the location specified in Section 21.10 where Distributor can be contacted by Airspan, customers, and prospective customers during regular business hours with a permanent mailing address and an accessible cellular telephone, and will provide Airspan with written notice promptly upon any change in address.  Distributor agrees to assume all of the expenses of this place of business, including rent, stenographic services, and all other expenses except as specifically assumed in writing by Airspan.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 2

1.5  Airspan will provide Distributor with such commercial and technical assistance and training as may reasonably be necessary, in Airspan's sole judgment, to enable Distributor to effectively carry out its activities under this Agreement and, in connection therewith, to provide such sales promotional materials, as Airspan may deem appropriate.  Airspan will provide such technical support as is reasonable and necessary to maintain the product line as a viable competitor in the market.

2.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Distributor hereby represents and warrants as follows:

a.   Distributor has been duly registered in accordance with any and all relevant legislation, has received any and all necessary governmental authorizations to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and that its entry into and performance under this Agreement will not violate applicable legislation;

b.   Distributor is duly registered with all necessary tax authorities and is in compliance with all payment obligations in accordance with applicable legislation.  No claims against or investigations of Distributor with respect to its tax obligations exist;

c.   Distributor is not currently involved in any litigation, arbitration, or other legal proceedings in which claims are being asserted against Distributor which might affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, nor is Distributor aware of any unasserted claims against Distributor of this nature; and

d.   Distributor's bank accounts have been established and operated in accordance with applicable legislation.  All transactions of Distributor required to be carried out through authorized banks have been so carried out. Distributor is not, has not, and warrants that it will not breach any currency regulation or currency control legislation.  Distributor further warrants that it is not, has not, and will not breach any bank secrecy act, rules or regulations.

3.  SERVICES.

3.1  In addition to the above, the Distributor will perform the following      services under this Agreement:

a. In cooperation with Airspan, identify potential customers and project      opportunities within the Territory that will lead to sales/licenses of      Airspan Products and services;

b. Prepare reports on the opportunities that will include:  (1) description      of the project; (2) assessment of the appropriate fit to Airspan Products      and

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 3

services; (3) dollar size and timing of the project; (4) competitive      assessment; and (5) identification of key decision makers and other      technical and commercial contacts;

c. Assist and advise Airspan in the preparation and delivery of appropriate      marketing and sales programs;

d. Initiate and coordinate meetings at all levels for the appropriate      Airspan employees to evaluate the identified projects;

e. Initiate and assist in the preparation of sales and technical meetings      with customers, and where appropriate, attend these meetings with Airspan      personnel and provide administrative support and translation services;

3.2  Distributor will use its best efforts to vigorously and aggressively      promote the sale of Airspan Products within the Territory.  Such efforts      shall include, but shall not be limited to, that advertising within the      Territory which is reasonably necessary.  All such advertising shall follow      the general statements made in advertising prepared by Airspan.  All      advertising shall contain a prominent reference to Airspan, indicating the      actual commercial origin of Airspan Products so advertised.  Distributor      shall not make any claims in its advertising which exceed or contradict





claims made by Airspan in its printed materials.

3.3  Distributor will train and maintain a sufficient number of technical      and sales personnel in order to: (a) serve the demands and needs of its      customers for Airspan Products, service, and support; and (b) carry out the      obligations of Distributor under this Agreement.

3.4  Distributor and its staff will be conversant with the technical      language related to Airspan Products and will develop sufficient knowledge      of the industry, Airspan Products, and products competitive with Airspan      Products (including specifications, features, and benefits) so as to be      able to explain in detail to customers the differences between Airspan      Products and competitive products.  Distributor will conduct or provide for      any training of its personnel which may be necessary to impart such      knowledge.

3.5  Distributor and its staff will research the technical requirements and      specifications of the market for Airspan Products in the Territory and make      information known to Airspan such that Airspan may, at its discretion,      implement appropriate technical changes to the Products to enable them to      be sold in the Territory. Airspan acknowledges that, subject to a further      and separate Agreement, such changes may be implemented in the future by      Distributor, with the assistance of Airspan.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 4

3.6  Distributor agrees to purchase and stock a comprehensive inventory of      spare parts based upon the recommended list set forth in Schedule III to      this Agreement.

3.7  Distributor agrees to provide to its customers' installation services      for all Airspan Products.  All such installation services shall be      performed by Distributor in accordance with Airspan's latest installation      standards as provided by Airspan.

3.8  Distributor agrees to train and have readily available a maintenance      staff to efficiently and expeditiously maintain or upgrade all Airspan      Products purchased or licensed by Distributor from Airspan.  Maintenance      shall be performed in accordance with Airspan's latest maintenance      standards for Airspan Products, as provided by Airspan, by Distributor's      own personnel and may not be subcontracted or delegated to any other person      or entity without Airspan's prior, written authorization.

3.9  Distributor agrees to provide and maintain those facilities adequate      to meet the obligations set forth in this section and of the Agreement.      Distributor further agrees to provide all of the sales and support      functions set forth in this section at no charge to Airspan.

3.10 Distributor agrees not to actively seek to promote, rent, lease, sell,      sublicense or authorize the rental, sale or sublicense of Airspan Products      outside of the Territory [without the prior written approval of Airspan],      but nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Distributor from renting,      selling or sublicensing the Airspan Products to customers outside of the      Territory in response to an unsolicited request from such customer.

3.11 During the term of this Agreement Distributor agrees that neither it      nor any organization or entity controlled or directed by it will, without      Airspan's prior, written consent, represent a manufacturer or supplier of      products similar in design or performance to or which are of such a nature      as to be competitive with any products contained in the Airspan Products.

3.12 The parties mutually agree that by April 30, 2000, the parties will      negotiate and execute a National Accounts Consulting Agreement whereby the      Distributor will receive consulting fees and commissions for the sale and      deployment of Airspan's products on a national basis. It is the intent of      the parties to jointly pursue the sale of products to said companies and to      enter into and complete contracts for the deployment of products in this      manner.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 5

4.   ORDERING PROCEDURE.

4.1  The following procedures shall be followed with respect to each      purchase order issued by Distributor:

a. During the Term, Distributor will inform Airspan of its intent to      purchase Equipment and Installation Services (but only if Airspan expressly      agrees to perform such Installation Services) and to license Software, by      sending to Airspan a written order.  This written order (the "Purchase      Order") will state the type of Equipment, System, or Installation Services      that Distributor wants to purchase and the Software Distributor wants to      license, the price of the ordered items (the "Contract Price") as set forth      in Schedule IV, "Price List" (which is hereby incorporated by reference)      and the proposed delivery and installation dates, if applicable.

b. Each Purchase Order shall specifically incorporate by reference the      terms and conditions of this Agreement, and no additional or different      terms and conditions stated in a Purchase Order, any letter, or otherwise





shall be binding unless expressly referred and agreed to by Airspan in      writing. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of      this Agreement and of any Purchase Order issued hereunder, or if the      Purchase Order does not reference the terms and conditions of this      Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.

4.2  If a Purchase Order is accepted by Airspan, Airspan will issue an      order acknowledgment to Distributor within five (5) business days of      Airspan's receipt of the written Purchase Order from Distributor.

5.   RECORDS AND REPORTING.

5.1  At Airspan's request, within fifteen (15) days of the end of each      calendar month, Distributor will provide to Airspan a written report      showing, for the just-ended calendar month: (a) Distributor's shipments of      Airspan Products by dollar volume, both in the aggregate and for such      categories as Airspan may designate from time to time; (b) forecasts of      Distributor's anticipated orders by product; (c) Distributor's current      inventory levels of Airspan Products, in the aggregate and by product; and      (d) any other information which Airspan may reasonably request.

5.2  Distributor will promptly advise Airspan concerning any market      information which comes to Distributor's attention regarding Airspan,      Airspan Products, Airspan's market position, or the continued      competitiveness of Airspan Products in the marketplace.  Distributor will      confer with Airspan from

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 6

time to time, at Airspan's request, on matters relating to market      conditions, distribution forecasting, and product planning.

5.3  For at least two (2) years after termination of this Agreement,      Distributor will maintain its records, contracts, and accounts relating to      distribution of Airspan Products, and will permit examination thereof by      authorized representatives of Airspan at all reasonable times.

6.   CONTRACT PRICE

6.1  The Contract Price for each item of Equipment, Installation Services,      or Software is as specified in Schedule IV and shall be paid to Airspan in      US Dollars (US$) free of any withholding tax and of any currency controls      or other restrictions.  The Contract Price includes:

a.   The price of the Equipment;

b.   The fee for the licensing of the Software;

c.   If Installation Services are ordered and such order is accepted                by Airspan, the charges for installing and testing each unit of                Equipment or Software;

d.   The charges for the warranty of the Equipment and Software in                accordance with Sections 14 and 15; and

e.   Costs in accordance with delivery obligations set forth in                Sections 8.1 and 8.2.

[*]

[*] Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 7

Airspan warrants that during the term of this Agreement, the prices at      which Airspan sells to Distributor products supplied under this Agreement      shall be no less favorable to the Distributor than those prices at which      Airspan sells, at substantially the same time in the United States, similar      products and pursuant to similar terms and conditions as those by which      Airspan sells Products to the Distributor under this Agreement.  Products      shall only be deemed similar if they provide like functionality.  The terms      and conditions shall only be deemed similar if the product is supplied      pursuant to an agreement or arrangement of similar duration and commitment,      provides for similar warranties and after service commitments, involves      similar spare part and support commitments, has the same payment and other      financial terms, and otherwise has similar terms and conditions.

6.2  The Contract Price is shown in Schedule IV and shall include      applicable duties, taxes or imposts, including all export or import duties.      Sales taxes and contractor's excise taxes shall be itemized on all Purchase      Orders.  The parties agree that the Contract Price in Schedule IV shall be      firm for a minimum period of twenty-four (24) months from the Effective      Date. After the above period of twenty-four (24) months, Exhibit B may be      revised by Airspan giving thirty (30) days written notice to Distributor.

7.  PAYMENT TERMS.





7.1  Airspan will issue an invoice (the "Invoice") to Distributor in      accordance with the payment terms below. The Invoice specifically will      identify the Equipment, Software, or other items shipped, and the Contract      Price of such items.  Any Installation Services or other services provided      by Airspan will be invoiced separately following completion of such      services.  The Invoice also shall state the total due to Airspan from      Distributor (the "Invoice Total"), which shall include the Contract Price,      and any applicable taxes, duties, and other fees due pursuant to Section 6      of this Agreement. Payment of the Invoice Total is due (without any right      of set-off) Net forty-five (45) days after the date of invoice.

7.2  If Distributor disputes any invoice or part thereof, Distributor      must notify Airspan in writing within twenty-five (25) days of the invoice      date giving details of the reason for such dispute.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 8

Distributor and Airspan agree to work together in good faith to resolve the      dispute as quickly as possible. Distributor may withhold payment of such      disputed amounts until resolution of the dispute. Any parts of the invoice      not under dispute shall be paid net forty-five (45) days after the date of      invoice. On resolution of the dispute, Distributor shall immediately pay      any amounts due in full.

7.3  Distributor will make payment by wire or telegraphic transfer to      the bank account set forth below or, on receipt of written notification      from Airspan, to another designated bank within the United States.

Bank:            Seafirst Bank, 10555 N.E. 8th, Bellevue, WA98004, USA.      Account name:    Airspan Networks Inc.      Account number:  68777507      Routing Number:  125 - 0000 - 24      Further instructions: "Reference (Distributor's name), Purchase Order      number, Payment of Invoice number"

Payment will be deemed to have been made upon receipt of funds in Airspan's      bank.

7.4  If the cost to Airspan of performing this Agreement increases as a      result of any change to the law or increase in import duty or freight duty,      Airspan may, at any time, add such increase to the Contract Price by      notifying Distributor in writing of such increase.

8.   DELIVERY, TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS.

8.1  All Equipment and Software will be delivered by Airspan CIP (as      defined in Incoterms 2000) to an airport in South Dakota that completes      international customs clearances and shipped to a location within the city      limits of the above arrival airport, such airport and delivery location are      to be agreed upon in writing by the parties for each Purchase Order.      Airspan will be responsible for and pay all packing, shipping, freight, and      insurance charges to the agreed upon location within the city limits. If      requested by Distributor, Airspan may arrange for shipment to be made to      Distributor's identified warehouse facilities or freight forwarder outside      of the city limits, subject to approval in writing by Airspan and agreement      to any additional charges in advance of shipment.  Unless specified in the      Purchase Order, Airspan will select the mode of shipment and the carrier.

In this Agreement, "Incoterms" means the most recent international rules      for the interpretation of trade terms published by the International      Chamber of Commerce as in force on the Effective Date.  Unless the context      otherwise requires, any term or expression which is defined in or given a      particular meaning by the provisions of the Incoterms shall have the same      meaning in this

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 9

Agreement, but if there is any conflict between the provisions of the      Incoterms and this Agreement, the latter shall prevail.

8.2 All risk of loss or damage to the Equipment and Software will pass to      Distributor on collection by the freight forwarder from Airspan. However,      Airspan will insure the Equipment against loss or damage in transit to the      agreed to location as set forth in the Purchase Order within the city      limits of the arrival airport as set forth in Paragraph 8.1.

8.3 Title to the Equipment shall pass to Distributor on collection by the      freight forwarder from Airspan.

8.4  If Distributor has any Airspan owned Equipment in its possession:

a.   Distributor shall ensure that Equipment is clearly marked as the      property of Airspan, and if asked, shall inform any third parties that the      Equipment is the property of Airspan;

b.   Distributor shall not purport to create any security, mortgage, lien      or pledge over the Equipment, or otherwise deal with the Equipment without      Airspan's written consent;





c.   In the event of any threatened seizure of the Equipment by any third      parties, and on termination or expiration of this Agreement, or any      Contract made pursuant to it, Airspan shall have the right, without      prejudice to any other remedy, to enter without prior notice any premises      and to repossess and take away or otherwise deal with the Equipment.

8.5  The Software shall at all times remain the exclusive property of      Airspan, subject to the uses provided herein.

8.6  Unless Distributor clearly advises Airspan to the contrary in      writing, Airspan may make partial deliveries on account of Purchase Orders.      Delay in delivery of any installment shall not relieve Distributor of its      obligation to accept said installment, provided that said delay does not      exceed sixty (60) days from Airspan's scheduled ship date and unless      Distributor has clearly advised Airspan to cancel the delayed installment      in writing at least fifteen (15) days prior to its revised planned shipment      date or its actual shipment date by Airspan.

8.7  Airspan will use reasonable efforts to meet Distributor's requested      delivery schedules for Equipment and Software, but Airspan reserves the      right to refuse, or delay delivery to Distributor when Distributor's credit      is impaired,

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 10

when Distributor is delinquent in payments or fails to meet other credit or      financial requirements reasonably established by Airspan, or when      Distributor has failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

8.8  Should orders for Equipment and Software exceed Airspan's available      inventory, Airspan will allocate its available inventory and make      deliveries on a basis that Airspan deems equitable, in its sole discretion,      and without liability to Distributor on account of the method of allocation      chosen or its implementation.  In any event, Airspan shall not be liable      for any direct, indirect, consequential, or special losses or damages      (including, but not limited to, loss of income or profit and loss of data)      that may be suffered by the Distributor or by any other person for failure      to deliver or for any delay or error in delivery of Equipment or Software      for any reason whatsoever.

9.   TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS.

9.1  Distributor acknowledges Airspan's exclusive right, title, and interest in and to any trademarks, trade names, logos and designations which Airspan may at any time have adopted, used, or registered in the United States of America and in the Territory (the "Trademarks"), and will not at any time do or cause to be done any act or thing contesting or in any way impairing or tending to impair any part of said right, title, and interest.  In connection with any reference to the Trademarks, Distributor shall not in any manner represent that it has an ownership interest in the Trademarks or registration(s) thereof, and Distributor acknowledges that no action by it or on its behalf shall create in Distributor's favor any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks.

9.2  Distributor recognizes the validity of Airspan's copyright in any written material to which Airspan shall have made a claim to copyright protection, and Distributor specifically recognizes Airspan's exclusive right to copyright protection and/or registration of any translation of any advertising, promotional, or descriptive material furnished to Distributor by Airspan.

9.3  Whenever Distributor refers to the Trademarks in advertising or in any other manner to identify the products, Distributor shall clearly indicate Airspan's ownership of the Trademarks and before distributing or publishing any advertising, descriptive, or promotional materials, Distributor shall affirmatively provide Airspan with an opportunity to inspect and approve such materials.

9.4  Distributor agrees that when referring to the Trademarks, it shall diligently comply with all laws pertaining to the Trademarks at any time in force in the Territory.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 11

9.5  Distributor shall promptly notify Airspan of any and all infringements, imitations, illegal uses, or misuses of the Trademarks which come to Distributor's attention.  Distributor also agrees that it shall not at any time take any action in the courts or before the administrative agencies of the Territory or otherwise to prevent the infringement, imitation, illegal use, or misuse of the Trademarks, it being clearly understood by Distributor that such action falls wholly within the authority of Airspan as sole owner of the Trademarks.

9.6  Distributor agrees to render to Airspan all assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Trademarks, whether in the courts or before the administrative agencies of the Territory or otherwise, and to make promptly available to Airspan, its Distributors, and attorneys all of Distributor's files, records, and other information pertaining to the





advertising, promotion, and sale of the Airspan Products.  All assistance requested by Distributor in this paragraph shall be at AIRSPAN's expense.  This Expense includes costs, attorneys' and consultants' fees, and reimbursement of time spent by officers, agents and employees of Distributor.

9.7  Distributor agrees and undertakes that it will not at any time, whether during the term of this Agreement or after its expiration or termination, adopt, use, or register without Airspan's prior, written consent any work or symbol or combination thereof which is similar to any of the Trademarks.

9.8 In the advertising and sale of Airspan Products, Distributor may use the Trademarks in relation to those Airspan Products.  Distributor will not make or permit the alteration or removal of any tags, labels, or other identifying marks placed by Airspan on Airspan Products.  Distributor will not use or give any third party permission to use the Trademarks. Distributor will not use, or give any third party permission to use, the names "Airspan Communications Ltd.", "Airspan Networks Incorporated", "ACL", "ANI" or abbreviations or derivations thereof in Distributor's corporate titles, or in any way which might result in confusion as to Airspan and Distributor being separate and distinct entities. Distributor admits Airspan's exclusive ownership of the name "Airspan Networks Incorporated", "Airspan Communications Ltd.", "ANI", "ACL", and any abbreviations or derivations thereof and all of Airspan's Trademarks (whether registered or not).  Distributor shall not take any action inconsistent with Airspan's ownership of such Trademarks; therefore, Distributor shall treat all of Airspan's items distinctively (as to typography) and shall only use exact reproductions of all Airspan's symbols (including Airspan's logo).   Distributor shall not adopt or use any Trademark or product name which may be confusingly similar to any Airspan Trademark.  Distributor may use the Airspan logo as it appears on Airspan's letterhead.

10.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND TRADE SECRETS.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 12

10.1  In this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information" shall mean the information of Airspan disclosed to Distributor in connection with its performance under this Agreement, which is in written, recorded, photographic, machine-readable, or other physical form or oral information reduced to writing as soon as practicable after disclosure to Distributor, and which is conspicuously marked "Confidential", "Proprietary", "Private", or in any other manner indicating its confidential and/or proprietary nature.  Without limitation, Confidential Information includes:  (1) Airspan's software products, materials, data reports, programs, documentation, diagrams, and all related technical information; (2) all information relating to Airspan's business and products which is critical to Airspan's position in the marketplace, including future plans of Airspan relating to the fields of endeavor in which Distributor performs services for Airspan, the nature of certain work projects to which Distributor is exposed, and the identity of persons working on those projects; and (3) any improvements, enhancements, or modifications to the above made by or on behalf of Airspan during the performance under this Agreement which are provided, made available, or disclosed by or on behalf of Airspan to Distributor, or used by Airspan or any of Airspan's other Distributors in connection with their own sales activities.

10.2  Trade secrets are confidential information that includes ideas, concepts, techniques, processes, inventions, knowledge, and know-how developed by Airspan which:  (1) derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (2) is subject to the efforts of Airspan that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.  (This "trade secret" language comes from the Uniform Trade Secrets Act.)

10.3  Distributor covenants and agrees that it will use the Confidential Information solely for the performance of services under this Agreement, and shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any other person (including Airspan employees in any other division, group, or entity), firm, or corporation.

10.4  Distributor shall use the same degree of care in safeguarding the Confidential Information as it uses for its own confidential information of like importance, but no less than reasonable care.  Upon discovery of any disclosure or misuse of Confidential Information, Distributor shall endeavor to prevent any further disclosure or misuse.

10.5  All Confidential Information shall remain the property of Airspan, and such Confidential Information and all copies thereof shall promptly be returned to Airspan upon request or, at Airspan 's option, destroyed, in which case Airspan shall be notified in writing when it has been destroyed.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 13

10.6  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting to or conferring upon Distributor any rights, by license or otherwise, express or implied, in Airspan's Confidential Information, other than the right to use the Confidential Information for the purpose of this Agreement.





10.7  Any copies of the Confidential Information made by Distributor shall reproduce proprietary marking and legends included therein, but the provisions of this Agreement supersede any provisions of such legends inconsistent herewith.

10.8  The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be disclosed by Distributor to others, except with the prior, written consent of Airspan, or as may be required by law or as necessary to establish its rights hereunder.

10.9  If, in connection with its performance, Distributor discloses to Airspan any ideas, developments, or inventions conceived or actually reduced to practice by Distributor prior to its performance hereunder, no relationship, confidential or otherwise, express or implied, is established with Airspan by the disclosure thereof.  With respect to any such disclosure, no obligation of any kind is assumed by nor may be implied against Airspan, its subsidiary, or associated companies unless a formal, separate, written contract regarding the subject of disclosure is consummated by the parties, and then the obligation shall be only as expressed in the separate contract.

10.10  Distributor agrees that any breach of the provisions of this Section by Distributor or Distributor's personnel, agents, or subcontractors, or any third party providing products or services to Distributor will cause immediate and irreparable injury to Airspan and that, in the event of such breach, Airspan shall be entitled to injunctive relief and any and all other remedies available at law or in equity.

10.11  After Distributor has received Airspan's Confidential Information and know-how, it will be impossible to segregate Airspan's knowledge and know- how from other knowledge acquired independently by Distributor.  Accordingly, during the performance of this Agreement and for three (3) months after termination of services under this Agreement, Distributor will not offer services to third parties which compete with the services provided by Airspan under this Agreement, or otherwise use the knowledge acquired from Airspan in order to compete with Airspan or its customers.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, Distributor is not precluded from any activities which concern product sectors or industries other than those that concern products or services similar to those offered by Airspan in connection with this Agreement.  Nothing in this paragraph will be construed to prevent Distributor from providing service to existing customers of Distributor which would result in their interruption of service to the public.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 14

10.12 During the performance of this Agreement and for three (3) months after termination of services under this Agreement, Airspan will not offer products or services to third parties which compete with the products or services provided by Distributor under this Agreement, or otherwise use the knowledge acquired from Distributor in order to compete with Distributor its customers

10.13 The obligations of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

11.  SOFTWARE LICENSE.

11.1 Airspan grants Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts, a nonexclusive, non-transferable license to use, and to sublicense as set forth below, Software provided by Airspan hereunder only on a single System or unit of Equipment, as may be applicable.  No license is granted to use the Software on multiple Systems or in conjunction with Equipment furnished by a party other than Airspan, unless specifically agreed to in writing by Airspan.  Software licensed under this Agreement is defined as: (a) any digital instruction sequence or control data contained on any media, including but not limited to, any magnetic-, electronic-, optical-, or organic device, and the term Software shall include any enhancement, modification, extension, part, portion or expansion thereof or implementation or downloading from network of any of the foregoing, for use exclusively on a System or a unit of Equipment; and (b) all associated documentation used to describe, maintain and use the Software.

11.2 Any Software provided to Distributor by Airspan will be treated as the exclusive property of Airspan, and Distributor will:  (a) treat such Software as Confidential Information under Section 10 of this Agreement; (b) utilize such Software or any portions or aspects thereof (including any methods or concepts utilized therein) solely on Systems or Equipment provided by Airspan; (c) forthwith return to Airspan all memory media, documentation and/or other material that has been modified, updated or replaced; (d) except to the extent permitted by applicable law not modify, disassemble or decompile such Software, or reverse engineer any portion of the Software or functioning of Systems or Equipment, or permit others to do so, without Airspan's prior written consent; (e) except to the extent permitted by applicable law not reproduce or copy such Software in whole or in part except for backup and archival purposes or as otherwise permitted in writing by Airspan; (f) not perform or release benchmarks or other comparisons of the Software; and (g) not remove any trademark, tradename, copyright, notice or other proprietary notice from the Software and Distributor shall be responsible for the conservation of the same on any back-up copy of the Software.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 15





11.3 In the event of a breach of this license by Distributor, then Airspan may, in its discretion, terminate the license with immediate effect, whereupon Distributor shall return to Airspan all Software and copies thereof within ten (10) days.

12        EXCUSABLE DELAY.

Airspan shall not suffer any liability for non-performance, defective performance, or late performance under this Agreement due to causes beyond its control and without its fault or negligence such as, but not limited to, acts of God, war (including civil war), civil unrest, acts of government, fire, floods, explosions, the elements, epidemics, quarantine, restrictions, strikes, lock- outs, plant shutdown, material shortages, or delays in transportation or delays of its suppliers or subcontractors for like cause.

In the event of excusable delay as defined in the preceding sentence, then Airspan, upon giving prompt written notice to Distributor, shall be excused from such performance on a day-to-day basis to the extent of such prevention, restriction, or interference (and Distributor shall likewise be excused from performance of its obligations on a day-to-day basis to the extent Distributor's obligations relate to the performance so prevented, restricted, or interfered with), provided that Airspan shall use its best endeavors to avoid or remove such causes of non-performance and both parties shall proceed to perform with dispatch whenever such causes are removed or cease to exist.

13.  TERM AND TERMINATION.

13.1  This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"). After the Initial Term, the term of the Agreement may be extended by a further period of five (5) years by mutual written agreement by the parties in the form of an amendment to this Agreement. If Distributor wishes to extend the term of the Agreement beyond the Initial Term, it  must notify Airspan in writing at least six (6) months prior to then end of the Initial Term. However, nothing contained herein shall be interpreted as requiring either party to renew or extend this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this section or of any other provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated prior to the expiration of its stated term as set forth below.

13.2  Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time during the term of this Agreement if  either party fails materially to comply with any covenant, term, or provision of this Agreement, by written notice given to the other party not less than thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such termination. Either party's right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 13.2 may not be exercised unless said

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 16

party shall have given the other party written notice of the failure, and the other party has not cured the failure within the thirty (30) day period following notice from said party.

13.3  This Agreement terminates automatically for just cause, with no further act or action of either party if:  (a) a receiver is appointed for Distributor or its property; (b) Distributor&sbsp;makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (c) any proceedings are commenced by, for, or against Distributor under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or debtor's relief law; or (d) Distributor is liquidated, dissolved, or otherwise terminates its activities.

13.4 In the event of termination by either party for any reason, Distributor shall provide Airspan with lists of existing customers as well as other information necessary for an orderly changeover of representation in the Territory.

13.5  Upon termination, Distributor shall immediately return to Airspan all Confidential Information, and Distributor agrees that neither it nor any company or organization controlled or directed by it shall divulge the contents of such material to any person at any time, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement.

13.6 Airspan shall not be liable to Distributor for damages of any kind, including incidental or consequential damages, on account of the termination of this agreement in accordance with this section 13.  Airspan shall not be liable to Distributor on account of termination or expiration of this Agreement for reimbursement or damages for loss of goodwill, prospective profits, or anticipated orders, or on account of any expenditures, investments, leases, or commitments made by either party, or for any other reason whatsoever based upon or growing out of such termination or expiration.  Airspan will recognize payments due to Distributor for orders received up to ninety (90) days after the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

13.7  Distributor acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Distributor has no expectation and has received no assurances that its business relationship with Airspan will continue beyond the states term of this agreement or its earlier termination in accordance with this section, that any investment by Distributor in the promotion of Airspan's Products will be recovered or recouped, or that Distributor shall obtain any anticipated amount of profits by virtue of this Agreement; and (b) Distributor shall not have or acquire by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise any vested, proprietary, or other right in the promotion of Airspan's Products or in any goodwill created by its efforts hereunder.





13.8  This Section 13.8, as well as the provisions of Sections 9, 10, 11, 16, 17 and 18, shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 17

14.  WARRANTY.

14.1 THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 14 AND 15 OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN LIEU OF, AND Airspan HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED TERMS AND WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

14.2 Subject to Sections 14.3 and 14.4, Airspan warrants that the Equipment sold to Distributor under this Agreement shall, under normal use and service, be free from defects in materials and faulty workmanship, and that the Software licensed to Distributor under this Agreement shall conform in all material respects to Airspan's published specifications therefor. The warranty period for any item of Equipment and related Software shall be twelve (12) months from the date of delivery of such Equipment and related Software to Distributor as set forth in Paragraph 8.1 (hereinafter, this period of time shall be referred to as the "Initial Warranty Period.")

14.3 Airspan's obligation and Distributor's sole remedy under this warranty are limited to the replacement or repair, at Airspan's option, of the defective Equipment or Software within the Initial Warranty Period. Airspan shall have no obligation to remedy any such defect if it can be shown that: (a) the Equipment or Software was altered, repaired, or reworked by any party other than Airspan without Airspan's prior written consent; (b) such defects were the result of Distributor's or a third party's improper storage, mishandling, abuse, or misuse of the Equipment or Software; (c) such defects were the result of Distributor's or a third party's use of the Equipment or Software in conjunction with equipment electronically or mechanically incompatible or of an inferior quality; or (d) the defect was the result of damage by fire, explosion, power failure, or any act of nature.

14.4  In no event shall Airspan be obliged to provide on-site maintenance. Subject to the provisions of this warranty clause, defective parts or components must be returned by Distributor to Airspan's designated facility located within the contiguous 48 states in the United States, freight prepaid, within the Initial Warranty Period, and said defective parts will be repaired or replaced by Airspan at no charge to Distributor.  In connection with such return by Distributor, Distributor shall comply with Airspan's Return Material Authorization (RMA) procedures.  Risk of loss or damage to Equipment or Software returned to Airspan for repair or replacement shall be borne by Distributor until delivery to Airspan.  Upon delivery of such Equipment or Software, Airspan shall assume the risk of loss or damage until that time that the Equipment or Software being repaired or replaced is returned and delivered to Distributor. Distributor will pay all transportation costs for Equipment or Software shipped to Airspan for repair or replacement.  Airspan shall pay all transportation costs associated

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 18

with returning repaired or replaced Equipment or Software to Distributor unless there was no fault found (NFF), in which event, the Distributor shall pay such transportation costs, along with Airspan's then prevailing standard NFF charge.

14.5  Airspan will charge Distributor for any maintenance carried out which is not covered by the warranties contained in Section 14.2 or Section 15 at Airspan's then prevailing standard rates for such services.

15.  WARRANTY ON REPAIRED AND REPLACEMENT MATERIALS.

Airspan warrants that, following repair or replacement, the repaired or replaced Equipment or Software by Airspan shall be free from defects in materials and faulty workmanship and that the Software will conform in all material respects to Airspan's published specifications therefor for ninety (90) days from date of shipment from Airspan to Distributor or until the end of the Initial Warranty Period, whichever is longer.

16.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

16.1  WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO SECTION 16.4, NEITHER Airspan, NOR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SHAREHOLDERS, OR AFFILIATES (Airspan AND SUCH OTHER PERSONS, THE "Airspan PARTIES"), SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO DISTRIBUTOR FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, INCOME, REVENUE OR DATA, OR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY PURCHASE ORDER PLACED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER COLLATERAL CONTRACT, OR FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE EQUIPMENT OR THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE THEREOF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THEM EITHER SEPARATELY OR IN COMBINATION WITH OTHER EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE, OR FROM ANY OTHER CAUSE, WHETHER CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY, ON GROUNDS OF FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE.

16.2  Without prejudice to Sections 16.3 and 16.4, the liability of the Airspan Parties, taken as a whole, for each event or series of connected events





arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any purchase order placed pursuant to this Agreement, or any other collateral contract, or from or in connection with the Equipment or Software or the use thereof, or the inability to use them either separately or in combination with other equipment or software, or from any other cause, whether caused by negligence, breach of contract, strict liability, breach of warranty, on grounds of failure of essential purpose, or otherwise, shall in no circumstance exceed the total amount payable by Distributor to Airspan under this Agreement for the provision of

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 19

the Equipment or Software which gave rise to the loss or damage or in connection with which the loss or damage was incurred.

16.3  Airspan Parties, taken as a whole, shall be liable for physical damage to Distributor's property resulting from Airspan's negligence under or in connection with this Agreement up to a maximum aggregate amount of one million US Dollars (US$1,000,000).  And Distributor, taken as a whole, shall be liable for physical damage to Airspan's property resulting from Distributor's negligence under or in connection with this Agreement up to a maximum aggregate amount of one million US Dollars (US$1,000,000).

16.4  Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or in any way limit Airspan liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence.

16.5  Save as provided for in Section 17 Distributor shall indemnify and hold harmless and defend the Airspan Parties from and against all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, writs, judgments, orders and decrees brought, made or rendered against them or any of them and all damages, losses and expenses suffered or incurred by them or any of them howsoever arising out of or related to the breach by Distributor of any of the terms of this Agreement. Airspan shall notify Distributor forthwith of any claim, demand, action, suit, proceeding, writ, judgment, order or decree falling within the scope of this Section 16.5 and shall permit Distributor sole conduct of the same and shall provide reasonable assistance in relation thereto, subject to appropriate defense by Distributor and the payment by Distributor of Airspan's reasonable costs and expenses.

16.6  Distributor shall include, in its agreements with its customers pursuant to which Distributor supplies Equipment or Software, provisions pursuant to which such customers agree that the Airspan Parties shall have no liability for any of the types of damages referred to at Section 16.1 in connection with or arising from the Equipment or Software or the use thereof, or the inability to use them either separately or in combination with other equipment or software, or from any other causes.

17.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INDEMNITY.

17.1 Airspan agrees to indemnify and hold Distributor harmless with respect to any suit, claim, or proceeding brought against Distributor by a third party alleging that Distributor's use of the Equipment or the Software, separately or in combination, as a whole or in part, constitutes an infringement of any patent or copyright or misuse of proprietary or trade secret information.  Airspan agrees to defend Distributor against any such claims and to pay all litigation costs, reasonable attorney's fees, settlement payments, and any damages awarded or resulting from any such claim.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 20

17.2 Distributor shall promptly advise Airspan of any such suit, claim, or proceeding and shall co-operate with Airspan in the defense or settlement thereof.  Airspan shall have sole control of the defense of any action involving such a claim and of all negotiations for its settlement or compromise.

17.3 In the event that an injunction is obtained against Distributor's use of the Equipment and/or the Software, in whole or in part, as a result of any such claim, Airspan shall use its best efforts to either: (a) procure for Distributor the right to continue using the portions of the Equipment or the Software enjoined from use; or (b) replace or modify the same with functionally equivalent or better Equipment and/or Software so that Distributor's use is not subject to any such injunction.  In the event that Airspan cannot perform the remedies set forth in Sections 17.3(a) or 17.3(b), then Distributor shall have the right to return such Equipment and the Software to Airspan.  In the event of such return, Airspan shall refund the depreciated value of the Equipment and the license to use the Software within thirty (30) days of the receipt by Airspan of the Equipment and the Software.

17.4 This indemnity shall not apply to claims arising in respect to the use of the Equipment or Software supplied by Airspan or manufactured by its suppliers in accordance with any design or any special instruction furnished by Distributor, or which is used by Distributor in a manner or for a purpose not contemplated by this Agreement.

17.5 The provisions of this Section 17 set forth the entire obligation of Airspan with respect to any claim of patent infringement, copyright infringement, or misuse of proprietary or trade secret information.

18.  EXPORT CONTROLS AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE.





18.1 If any approval with respect to this Agreement, or the registration thereof, shall be required at any time during the term of this Agreement, with respect to giving legal effect to this Agreement in the Territory, or with respect to compliance with exchange regulations or other requirements so as to assure the right of remittance abroad of United States dollars pursuant to Section 6 hereof, Distributor shall immediately take whatever steps may be necessary in this respect, and any charges incurred in connection therewith shall be for the account of Distributor.  Distributor shall keep Airspan currently informed of its efforts in this connection.  Airspan shall be under no obligation to ship Airspan Products to Distributor hereunder until Distributor has provided Airspan with satisfactory evidence that such approval or registration is not required or that it has been obtained.

18.2 In the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, Distributor shall at all times strictly comply with all export laws, regulations, and orders of the

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 21

United Kingdom and the United States of America. Distributor specifically acknowledges that Equipment, Software or technology supplied or licensed by Airspan under this Agreement are subject to U.K. and U.S. trade sanctions and export control laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the various Foreign Assets Control Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations. Distributor specifically acknowledges that Equipment, Software, or technology obtained from Airspan pursuant to this Agreement shall not be exported, re-exported, transshipped, disclosed, diverted, or transferred, directly or indirectly, contrary to U.K. and U.S. laws, orders or regulations. The provisions of this section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

19.  TRAINING AND DOCUMENTATION.

19.1 Airspan shall provide a single technical course in the English language for up to two (2) qualified technicians of Distributor during the first year of this Agreement.  The training course so developed by Airspan shall be used to familiarize Distributor's technicians with the use and maintenance of Airspan Products.  Training will be conducted at Airspan's facilities in Uxbridge, UK, unless otherwise agreed to by Airspan.  The necessary instructors and training facilities will be provided by Airspan at no charge to Distributor. Distributor will pay all additional expenses of training including, but not limited to, travel and room and board.  Additional training courses may be requested by Distributor at Airspan's then current rates for such courses.

19.2 Airspan agrees to provide Distributor at no additional charge with its standard package of documentation related to the use, maintenance, and installation of Airspan Products.  In the event that such documentation is modified during the term of this Agreement, Airspan agrees to provide to Distributor at no additional charge all such modifications.  In addition to the documentation described above, Airspan agrees to provide at no additional charge reasonable amounts of sales materials such as brochures, press releases, and fact sheets.  All documentation provided by Airspan to Distributor shall be in the English language.  All translation of such documentation provided by Airspan will be at Distributor's sole expense.  All such translations and advertising material not supplied by Airspan relating to Airspan Products and services will be submitted to Airspan for approval before publication or dissemination.

20.  CONFLICT OF INTEREST.

Distributor confirms that it has revealed all information pertaining to possible conflicts of interest created by the sale of competing products or services or arising from other positions or contracts held by Distributor, and represents that no conflict of interest exists.  Any future circumstances which could create possible conflicts of interest will be revealed to Airspan as soon as they become known by informing Airspan of any business relationships, circumstances, or situations which could prejudice in any way

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 22

the conduct of Airspan marketing activities according to the highest ethical and business standards, or place Airspan or Distributor in any kind of embarrassing situation.

21.  MISCELLANEOUS.

21.1  Pursuant to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United States of America, directors, officers, or employees of Distributor shall not offer or pay any bribe to any individual or corporation in connection with the provision or support of any Airspan Products obtained under this Agreement. When other individuals or organizations are required to participate in the sales program covered by this Agreement, they shall be compensated fairly based on the tasks performed.  In no circumstances are public servants or holders of public office to be offered or paid any bribe or other benefit, direct or indirect.  No contribution in any way related to Airspan shall be made to candidates for public office or to political parties or other political organizations, regardless of whether such contributions are permitted by the laws of the Territory.  The parties agree that both parties will comply fully with all of the terms, conditions, rules, regulations and statutes of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.  The parties further agree that if either party violates any of





the provisions of said Act, the party violating the Act will indemnify the other party from any and all liability thereunder, including costs, expenses, fines or legal fees.

21.2  In performing this Agreement,  the parties shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and shall indemnify, defend and save each other harmless from  said party's failure to do so.  Furthermore, if this Agreement, the relationship created hereby or the performance hereof is determined by either party to be contrary either to (a) the laws, rules or regulations applicable to the parties; or (b) the parties' representations as set forth herein, this Agreement will be null and void from its inception. The parties have entered into this Agreement in material reliance on the following representations made by each party that:

a. Neither this Agreement, the relationship created hereby nor the      performance hereof is contrary to any applicable law, rule or regulation;

b. The parties have not refunded and will not refund either directly      or indirectly, any funds to any director, officer, employee or other      representative of either party (or of any subsidiary controlled by or      affiliated with either party) or to such party's family; and

c.  The parties represent and covenant that they have not made and      will not commit themselves to make, nor will they directly or indirectly      make, any payments in connection with the business of the parties to any      director, officer, official, employee or shareholder of any governmental or      private

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 23

customer, or prospective customer, or of any political party, or to such      party's family, or that are otherwise illegal under applicable law.

Distributor understands and agrees that Airspan will comply with any legal provision requiring disclosure of, or request from a government or governmental or private customer to disclose, by affidavit or otherwise, the identity of payments made or to be made to Distributor.

21.3  Neither party may assign this Agreement or subcontract its obligations under this Agreement to another party without the other party's prior, written consent executed by a duly authorized officer.  The parties agree that if said assignment is to a subsidiary or affiliate organization, said consent to assignment will not be unreasonably withheld.

21.4 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of South Dakota.

21.5  Any dispute, controversy or claim between the parties arising out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity thereof will be resolved by mutual agreement of the parties, provided that this shall not limit the ability of the parties to seek temporary or interim injunctive relief in the event of any breach or threatened or impending breach of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.  If any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity thereof is unable to be resolved by mutual agreement of the parties, each of the parties hereby (i) agrees that any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement against it or its properties or revenues must be brought exclusively in the federal and state courts siting in Minneapolis, MN, and (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such court and any appellate court from any order or judgment thereof in any such action, suit or proceeding.  The parties hereby irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of such action, suit or proceeding may be heard and determined in such courts. The parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action, suit or proceeding.  The parties agree that a final judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding will be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

21.6  The parties' failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement or any right with respect thereto, or to exercise any option herein provided shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision, rights, or options, or in any way to affect the validity of this Agreement.  The parties' exercise of any of their rights hereunder or of any options hereunder under the terms or covenants herein shall not preclude or prejudice the parties from thereafter exercising the same or any right

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 24

which they may have under this Agreement, irrespective of any previous action or proceeding taken by either party hereunder.

21.7  In the advertising and sale of Airspan products, Distributor will utilize Airspan's regular trade names and trademarks only as permitted or directed by Airspan, will not make or permit alteration or removal of any tags, labels, or other identifying marks placed by Airspan on its products, and will not use the name "Airspan Communications Corporation" or abbreviations thereof in Distributor's corporate titles or in any other way which might result in confusion as to Airspan and Distributor being separate and distinct entities.





Distributor will not register any Airspan trademark.

21.8  This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties, their heirs, successors in interest and permitted assigns.

21.9  This Agreement and any attachment hereto shall be modified only by an instrument in writing and signed by duly-authorized officers or agents of the parties.

21.10  All notices, requests, consents, and other communications hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been properly given when actually received by the party to whom sent, at the following addresses:

To:  Airspan                    To: Distributor

Airspan Networks Inc.           GLS LLC      777 108 Th. Avenue NE           501 Fourth Street      Suite 1895                      PO Box 67      Bellevue, Washington            Sergeant Bluff, IA      98004                           51054      Attn:  Peter Stanway            Attn: Jon Winkel      Contracts Manager      Fax No. 919-319-0106

21.11  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any provision is held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability will affect only such provision or part thereof in such

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 25

jurisdiction, and will not in any manner affect the provision in any other jurisdiction, or any other provision in this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

21.12  Distributor agrees not to publish any press releases or otherwise publicize the existence, or any of the terms, of this Agreement without the prior written consent of Airspan, such consent not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed.

22.  This document constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous communications, representations, understandings, and agreements, either oral or written, between the parties or any official or Distributor thereof with respect to the subject matter hereof.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Page 26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Effective Date, such parties acting by their officers, being thereunto duly authorized.

Airspan Networks Inc.                GLS LLC

By:  _______________________________   By:  ______________________________

Name: ______________________________   Name: _____________________________

Title: ______________________________  Title: ____________________________

Page 27
[LOGO]

                                    EXHIBIT C

                                    AIRSOPURE                                FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into on this ____ day of ___________, 2000, by and between Airsopure International Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation whose principal place of business is located at 15400 Knoll Trail, Suite 200, Dallas, Texas 75248 (hereinafter "AIRSOPURE" or by reference "we", "us", "our"), and You:                                    ,     ------------------------------------ whose address is:

- ----------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------- (hereinafter "You" or by reference "Franchisee", or "Your"). Either Party or both Parties respectively may be referred to as "Party" or "Parties."

                                    RECITALS

A. AIRSOPURE and its affiliate design, manufacture and distribute indoor air cleaning systems under the name and mark "AIRSOPURE" (the "Products").

B. AIRSOPURE has developed a system for the establishment, development and operation of sales centers ("AIRSOPURE Center(s)" or "Center(s)") for the sale and servicing of AIRSOPURE's exclusive line of Products using the service mark "AIRSOPURE" and other trademarks, service marks (including but not limited to, "The Essence of Clean Air"), logos and identifying features designated from time to time by AIRSOPURE (the "Licensed Marks") and using AIRSOPURE's distinctive methods for establishing and operating AIRSOPURE Centers.

C. You desire to establish an AIRSOPURE Center to be located in the following geographic area:

- ----------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------

(the "Exclusive Territory"), and AIRSOPURE desires to grant You the right to operate an AIRSOPURE Center at such location under the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual rights, covenants and obligations set forth herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1.  GRANT OF FRANCHISE

1.01. AIRSOPURE grants to You, and You accept from AIRSOPURE, the right and license to operate an AIRSOPURE Center (or the "Franchise") for the sale or lease of AIRSOPURE's exclusive line of Products or at a location in the Exclusive Territory to be approved in writing by AIRSOPURE and listed in attached Exhibit A (the "Exclusive Territory and Center Location"), to purchase Products from AIRSOPURE or its affiliates for resale at the Center to customers in the Exclusive Territory, and to use the Licensed Marks only in connection with the operation of the Franchise in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. AIRSOPURE grants the Franchise to You hereunder in reliance upon Your agreement to at all times operate and manage the Franchise faithfully, honestly and diligently in strict conformance with AIRSOPURE's operating procedures and specifications, as set forth herein and as otherwise from time to time communicated to You, using Your best efforts to promote and enhance the performance and operation of the Franchise.

1.02. AIRSOPURE hereby grants to You the exclusive right to solicit customers for the Products by direct mail advertising, or other approved means, but not including the World Wide Web (Internet) nor by printed catalogues, in

                                       1

the Exclusive Territory described above and in Exhibit A. Other AIRSOPURE franchisees will not be permitted to solicit customers for Products by advertising in Your Exclusive Territory. Likewise, You may not target or solicit customers for Products by advertising in other Franchisees respective Exclusive Territories. Exclusive Territories will not overlap into other Exclusive Territories. You shall not purposely solicit sales and service to customers located outside Your Exclusive Territory, provided such activity in not within an assigned Exclusive Territory. You have been granted an exclusive trade area by this Agreement.

2.  TERM AND RENEWAL

2.01. The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.

2.02. At the expiration of the term or any renewal term hereof, You may, at its option, renew the Franchise granted hereunder for 2 additional terms of 10 years each on the following terms and conditions:





A. You shall give AIRSOPURE notice in writing of Your election to renew this Agreement at least 3 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendment hereto, including without limitation all payment obligations to AIRSOPURE and its affiliates.

C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You agree to execute AIRSOPURE's then-current form of franchise agreement and to comply fully with all terms and conditions thereof, and to pay AIRSOPURE the then-current renewal fee, which is presently $1,000.00. You understand that AIRSOPURE may revise its franchise agreement for any renewal term, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, including without limitation to increase the royalty fees or other fees payable by You or to require other obligations of franchisees.

D. You shall meet AIRSOPURE's then-current qualifications and training requirements.

E. You shall execute a general release in a form prescribed by AIRSOPURE releasing AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent permitted by state and federal law.

F. You may be required, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, to upgrade or remodel Your AIRSOPURE Center to conform to AIRSOPURE's then-current specifications and standards as specified in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual of otherwise in writing, provided such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost and implementation schedule.

3.  FEES

3.01. In consideration of the Franchise rights and license granted herein, You agree to pay to AIRSOPURE the following fees:

A. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE an initial franchise fee of $25,000.00 upon execution of this Agreement. You agree that the initial franchise fee represents payment for the initial grant of the Franchise rights and license granted herein, shall be fully earned upon execution of this Agreement, and the said fee will not be refunded under any circumstances unless otherwise specifically set forth herein. You must find a suitable Center site within 90 days of signing the Franchise Agreement, unless we mutually agree otherwise. If we cannot agree on a Center location, within 4 months, we may a) extend your search time, b) exchange your territory, or c) terminate your Franchise and refund up to 70% of your Franchise Fee, at our sole discretion. There are no refunds under any other circumstances.

B. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE a continuing non-refundable royalty fee on a monthly basis of

                                       2

5% of Your total monthly gross sales, as defined below. This fee is due by the 7th of the month for the preceding month.

C. You shall account to AIRSOPURE for Your continuing non-refundable local advertising fee of 2% of Your total monthly gross sales, which You must spend on the promotion of Your Center. This accounting is due by the 7th of the month for the preceding month.

D. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE a continuing non-refundable Advertising Fund fee of 2% of Your total monthly gross sales, beginning January 1, 2001, or later at our sole option, as described in Section 10 hereof. This fee will be due by the 7th of the month for the preceding month.

E. "Gross sales" as used in this Section 3.01 shall mean the amount of gross revenues received by You from all sources, including without limitation sales of Products, services or other merchandise of every kind or nature from, at or in connection with the operation of the AIRSOPURE Center granted herein, excluding state, federal or local sales taxes collected from customers and paid to the appropriate taxing authority.

F. Fees payable under Paragraphs 3.01.B and 3.01.D above shall be due and payable monthly by the seventh day of each month, based on Your gross sales of the previous month. Delinquent fees shall bear interest at a rate of the lower of: (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, or (ii) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.

4.  DUTIES OF AIRSOPURE

4.01. Prior to the opening of the Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall:

A. Following receipt in writing from You of a request for approval of at least 3 possible locations as the Authorized Location for the Franchise, AIRSOPURE will promptly evaluate such locations and notify You in writing of its approval or rejection of such location(s) within 7 working days.

B. Provide You with AIRSOPURE's specifications and requirements or other assistance deemed necessary by AIRSOPURE to assist You in opening the Center.

C. Provide an initial training program for 2 people to be designated by You as described in AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual.

D. Provide one copy, on loan to You, of AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual as described in Section 8 hereof for use solely in connection with operation of the





AIRSOPURE Center granted hereunder.

E. Sell to You an opening order of Products for resale or lease at the Franchise as described in Paragraph 6.01 below.

4.02. Following the opening of the Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall:

A. Provide daily consultation by telephone as reasonably requested by You during the first two weeks of operation of the AIRSOPURE Center Franchise.

B. Provide continuing general advisory assistance as deemed necessary by AIRSOPURE regarding the operation and advertising of the Franchise.

C. Provide updates, revisions and amendments to the AIRSOPURE Operating Manual and system as AIRSOPURE may from time to time deem necessary or desirable.

D. Fill Your orders for Products for resale at the Franchise in accordance with Section 6 below.

E. Provide training programs or seminars as AIRSOPURE may, from time to time in its sole discretion, deem appropriate. AIRSOPURE's training programs for franchisees is described in AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual, and is subject to change at any time in AIRSOPURE's sole

                                       3

discretion.

F. AIRSOPURE may, from time to time at its sole discretion, provide test customers or store visits by AIRSOPURE representatives to evaluate Your methods of operation and compliance with AIRSOPURE's standards and specifications.

5.  YOUR DUTIES

5.01.  You shall: A. You must find a suitable Center site within 90 days of signing the Franchise Agreement, unless we mutually agree otherwise, and attend (or if You are a corporation, Your majority shareholder will attend or Your Operating Principal or manager and one other employee) and successfully complete to AIRSOPURE's reasonable satisfaction AIRSOPURE's initial training program within 90 DAYS following execution of this Agreement.

B. Obtain all federal, state and local business licenses, permits, certifications and bonds required for lawful operation of the Franchise and certify in writing to AIRSOPURE prior to opening that all such requirements have been obtained.

C. Attend (with Your manager) and complete to AIRSOPURE's reasonable satisfaction such continuing training or educational programs as AIRSOPURE may from time to time require in writing. AIRSOPURE will not charge You for the training programs, but You shall be responsible for the costs of meals, lodging, travel and all other expenses incurred by You or Your employees in attending such programs.

D. Actively promote AIRSOPURE's Products and services and exert Your best efforts to fully develop and maximize the market for AIRSOPURE's Products and services in Your Exclusive Territory.

E. Devote Your full time (or if You are a corporation, designate a manager) to oversee the management and operation of the Center.

F. Purchase and maintain and adequate supply for use in connection with the operation of the Franchise Business various copyrighted materials and forms which are the proprietary property of AIRSOPURE and which are an integral part of AIRSOPURE's system franchised hereunder. Other supplies and equipment necessary for operation of the Center may be purchased from third Party suppliers who meet AIRSOPURE's standards and specifications and have been approved in writing by AIRSOPURE in accordance with the procedures set forth in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual, which may be amended from time to time by AIRSOPURE at its sole discretion.

G. Purchase Products from AIRSOPURE for resale to customers in the Exclusive Territory in accordance with Section 6 below.

H. Comply with all federal, state and local health and safety laws, rules and standards applicable to operation of the Franchise. You will forward copies of all notices of non-compliance by the Franchise with any law, rule, regulation or ordinance to AIRSOPURE within three days from receipt thereof accompanied by a summary of action You will take to comply.

I. Maintain adequate working capital to operate the Franchise in accordance with the AIRSOPURE Operations Manual, as such may be amended by AIRSOPURE from time to time.

J. Operate the Franchise in strict conformance with AIRSOPURE's policies, procedures, standards and specifications as may be prescribed by AIRSOPURE from time to time in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing, including without limitation all changes specified by AIRSOPURE to its system or Products. .

K. Display AIRSOPURE's Licensed Marks or logos on all marketing materials and at Your AIRSOPURE Center. AIRSOPURE reserves the

                                       4





right to alter or change its Licensed Marks, logos or trade dress at any time, and You agree to use such Licensed Marks, logos or trade dress as specified from time to time by AIRSOPURE promptly upon receipt of notice in writing from AIRSOPURE.

L. Maintain and supply to third Parties upon request information to be supplied by AIRSOPURE regarding the availability of franchises.

M. Provide AIRSOPURE and its representatives with unlimited access to FRANCHISEE'S offices or its AIRSOPURE Center (personal residence excluded), including Your books, computer system (for sales and products only, unless we are auditing You) and records of the Franchise, during normal business hours for purposes of conducting inspections to fully examine and evaluate Your methods of doing business, including interviews with Your employees and customers.

N. You acknowledge and agree that such inspections and evaluations are necessary for AIRSOPURE to insure the maintenance of its quality standards, and You agree to fully cooperate with any reasonable request by AIRSOPURE in connection with such inspections and evaluations.

O. Diligently and immediately take such steps as are deemed reasonably necessary by AIRSOPURE to correct any deficiencies detected by AIRSOPURE in Your adherence to AIRSOPURE's operating policies, procedures, standards and specifications.

P. In the event You are a corporation, comply with the following:

1. You will provide in Your Articles of Incorporation that Your sole corporate purpose is the operation of the Franchise.

2. Every certificate for shares of stock in the corporation will include the following legend printed thereon if sole purpose of the corporation is to own and operate franchised business:

"THE TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR ASSIGNMENT OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND RESTRICTIONS CONTAINED IN A FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE HOLDER OF THESE SHARES AND AIRSOPURE FRANCHISE GROUP, INC."

3. You agree to comply with the restrictions on transfer of ownership of the corporation set forth in Section 12.02 below.

4. You will provide AIRSOPURE, prior to the opening of the Franchise, with copies of Your Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and other governing documents, including all amendments thereto, and a copy of the resolutions by Your Board of Directors authorizing execution of this Agreement, certified by the Secretary of the corporation.

5. You will provide AIRSOPURE with a current list of shareholders and will update such list from time to time as the list changes.

6. Each shareholder of the corporation (if sole corporate purpose is the franchise), will execute a personal guarantee of Your performance under this Agreement and all amounts owed by You to AIRSOPURE in the form of attached Exhibit B.

Q. The Parties recognize the importance of fully developing the market for Products in the Exclusive Territory, and a substantial part of the consideration for and inducement to AIRSOPURE to enter into this Agreement is Your agreement to devote Your best efforts to market, sell and support Products to customers located in Your Exclusive Territory. You agree to concentrate Your marketing efforts to customers located in Your Territory, and You agree not to advertise the Products using media or publications whose primary coverage area is outside Your Exclusive Territory.

                                       5

R. You may relocate Your Center at Your sole expense, within Your Exclusive Territory, provided You give us written notification at least 30 days prior to relocation stating the reasons for such a move.

6.  PURCHASE AND SALE OF PRODUCTS

6.01. You will purchase from AIRSOPURE and AIRSOPURE will sell to You for resale or lease at the Center to customers in the Exclusive Territory an opening order of Products having an aggregate cost to You of from $5,000.00 to $10,000.00, by mutual agreement, based on market conditions. Such purchase must be consummated in its entirety before You open Your Center, unless AIRSOPURE agrees in writing to extend such time period.

6.02. After the opening order contemplated by the preceding Paragraph, You will from time to time place orders for Products with AIRSOPURE on the following basis:

A. All orders for Products shall be accompanied by payment, unless at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, other payment terms are permitted.

B. All orders will be shipped freight collect unless freight is paid in advance by You.

C. You will pay the prices then prevailing at the time AIRSOPURE receives each order. Such prices are subject to change at any time by AIRSOPURE.

D. All merchandise will be shipped to You at the Center for resale to customers





in the Exclusive Territory. You will sell Products only to end-user customers and not for resale. You will not sell or lease Products at any location other than within Your Exclusive Territory, engage in mail order sales of Products or supply Products to others for resale or lease at any other location.

E. All orders for Products are subject to availability. In the event any Product is in short supply, AIRSOPURE shall have the right to allocate such Product on an equitable basis.

F. You will not modify the Products, and You will not offer or carry any products or services other than AIRSOPURE's Products and services specified by AIRSOPURE without written approval from AIRSOPURE.

G. Notwithstanding nationally advertised prices by AIRSOPURE, You may resell Products purchased under this Agreement at prices set by You. However, AIRSOPURE retains the right, to the extent permitted by law, to refuse to fill Your orders for Products if You fail to honor AIRSOPURE's suggested prices for the same Products sold by other franchise owners in Your region.

7.  LICENSED MARKS

7.01. AIRSOPURE represents with respect to the Licensed Marks that:

A. AIRSOPURE is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Marks or has the right and license to use and grant a license to You to use the said Licensed Marks.

B. AIRSOPURE will take all steps reasonably necessary to preserve and protect the ownership and validity in and to the Licensed Marks.

7.02. With respect to Your licensed use of the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement, You agree that:

A. You shall use only the Licensed Marks designated by AIRSOPURE and shall use them only in the manner authorized and permitted by AIRSOPURE.

B. You shall use the Licensed Marks only for the operation of the Franchise at the Authorized Location.

                                       6

C. During the term of this Agreement, You shall identify Yourself as the owner of the Franchise in conjunction with any use of the Licensed Marks, including, but not limited to, on invoices, order forms, receipts, business cards, contracts and at such conspicuous locations on the Center's premises or in the field as AIRSOPURE may specify. The identification shall be in a form which specifies Your name, followed by the term "Independent Franchise Owner" or such other identification as shall be approved by AIRSOPURE.

D. You shall not use the Licensed Marks to incur any obligation or indebtedness on behalf of AIRSOPURE, and You shall not represent that Your Center is owned, operated by or affiliated with AIRSOPURE other than as a franchisee.

E. You shall not use the Licensed Marks as part of Your corporate or other legal name, without the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE.

F. You shall file an assumed name registration, and shall execute any documents deemed necessary by AIRSOPURE to obtain protection for the Licensed Marks or to maintain their continued validity and enforceability.

7.03. You expressly understand and acknowledge that:

A. As between the Parties hereto, AIRSOPURE, by its trademark License Agreement with Airsopure, Inc. is the licensor of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Marks and the goodwill associated with and symbolized by them.

B. You shall not directly or indirectly contest the validity of the ownership of the Licensed Marks.

C. Your use of the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement does not give You any ownership interest or other interest in or to the Licensed Marks.

D. Any and all goodwill arising from Your use of the Licensed Marks in the Franchise under AIRSOPURE's system shall inure solely and exclusively to the benefit of AIRSOPURE, and upon expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Franchise herein granted, no monetary amount shall be assigned as attributable to any goodwill associated with Your use of the Licensed Marks.

E. The right and license to use the Licensed Marks granted hereunder to You is nonexclusive, and AIRSOPURE may use and grant franchises to others to use the Licensed Marks in any manner except as expressly provided otherwise herein.

F. AIRSOPURE reserves the right to substitute different Licensed Marks for use in identifying the System and the businesses operating thereunder, and You agree to comply with AIRSOPURE's requirements relating thereto.

7.04. You shall promptly notify AIRSOPURE of any unauthorized use of the Licensed Marks or marks confusingly similar thereto, any challenge to the validity of the Licensed Marks, or any challenge to AIRSOPURE's ownership of, or Your right to use, the Licensed Marks. You acknowledge that AIRSOPURE has the sole right to direct and control any administrative proceeding or litigation involving the Licensed Marks, including any settlement thereof. AIRSOPURE has the right, but not the obligation, to take action against uses by others that may constitute infringement of the Licensed Marks.





7.05. Provided You have used the Licensed Marks in accordance with this Franchise Agreement and AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual, AIRSOPURE will defend You at AIRSOPURE's expense against any third Party claim, suit or demand involving the Licensed Marks and arising out of Your use thereof. In the event that You have not used the Licensed Marks in accordance with this Agreement, AIRSOPURE shall defend You, at Your expense, against such third Party claims, suits or demands.

                                       7

7.06. In the event of any litigation or administrative proceeding relating to the Licensed Marks, You shall execute any and all documents and do all acts as may, in the opinion of AIRSOPURE, be necessary to carry out such defense or prosecution, including, but not limited to, becoming a nominal Party to any legal action. Except to the extent that such litigation is the result of Your use of the Proprietary Marks in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, AIRSOPURE agrees to reimburse You for its out-of-pocket costs in performing such acts, except that You shall bear the salary costs of its employees, and AIRSOPURE shall bear the cost of any judgment or settlement.

8.  OPERATIONS MANUAL

8.01. AIRSOPURE shall provide You with one copy of AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual covering the proper operating and marketing techniques and the standards and specifications for operation of the Franchise. You agree to fully comply with the Operations Manual in its entirety as an essential aspect of Your obligations under this Agreement. Failure to so comply shall be treated as a breach of this Agreement.

8.02. You shall at all times treat the Operations Manual, all supplements and revisions thereto, any other operations manual, brochure or memorandum created for or approved for use in the operation of the Franchise and the information contained therein as the confidential and proprietary information of AIRSOPURE, and shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of such information. You shall not at any time, without AIRSOPURE's prior written consent, copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce the foregoing materials, in whole or in part, nor otherwise make the same available to any unauthorized person. You may disclose such information and materials only to such of Your employees or agents, or others who must have access to it in connection with their employment or the performance of this Agreement, in which event You shall obtain the agreement of such persons and entities to maintain the confidentiality thereof. The Operations Manual shall remain at all times the sole property of AIRSOPURE.

8.03. AIRSOPURE may from time to time revise the contents of the Operations Manual, and You expressly agree to comply with each new or changed standard, specification or procedure set forth therein. You shall at all times ensure that Your copy of the Operations Manual is kept current and up to date. In the event of any dispute as to the content of the Operations Manual, the terms of the master copy of the Operations Manual maintained by AIRSOPURE at AIRSOPURE's home office shall be controlling.

9.  ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS

9.01. During the term of this Agreement, You shall maintain and preserve, for at least five years from the date of their preparation, full, complete, and accurate, books, records and accounts in the form and manner prescribed by AIRSOPURE from time to time in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing.

9.02. You shall, at Your expense, submit to AIRSOPURE, by the 7th day of each month, a monthly statement on forms prescribed by AIRSOPURE accurately reflecting gross sales of the Franchise for the preceding calendar month. Each statement shall accompany Your monthly royalty and advertising fund fee payments and shall be signed by You attesting that it is true and correct.

9.03. You shall, at Your expense, submit to AIRSOPURE an annual financial statement for the Franchise, which includes an income statement prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals, within 90 days of the end of each fiscal year during the term hereof. Each statement shall be signed by You attesting that it is true and correct.

9.04. You shall submit to AIRSOPURE for review and auditing such other forms, reports,

                                       8

records, information and data, as AIRSOPURE may reasonably request in writing.

9.05. AIRSOPURE or its designated agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine and copy, at its expense, all books, records, receipts and tax returns of Yours related to the Franchise and, at its option, to have an independent audit made, and thereupon be allowed to search Your computer accounting files. If an inspection or audit should reveal that payments have been understated in any report to AIRSOPURE, then You shall immediately pay to AIRSOPURE the amount understated upon demand, in addition to interest from the date such amount was due until paid, at the prime rate being charged by Bank of America on the date the payment was due plus 2%, or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. If an inspection discloses an underpayment to AIRSOPURE of 2% or more of the total amount that should have been paid to AIRSOPURE, You shall, in addition to repayment of such understated amount with interest, reimburse AIRSOPURE for any and all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the inspection or audit (including, without limitation,





reasonable accounting and attorneys' fees). The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies AIRSOPURE may have, including without limitation, the remedies for default.

10.  MARKETING AND ADVERTISING

10.01. You shall submit to AIRSOPURE for review prior to use samples of all advertising and promotional materials that have not been previously approved by AIRSOPURE. AIRSOPURE shall notify You of its approval or disapproval within 7 days or less from the date of receipt by AIRSOPURE of such materials. Failure by You to obtain the prior approval in writing of AIRSOPURE for all advertising and promotional materials shall be a violation of this Agreement.

10.02. AIRSOPURE has established an advertising fund (the "Fund") to build recognition of the Products and the Licensed Marks and to promote AIRSOPURE's Products and the Franchise. You shall participate in the Fund, in addition to Your obligation to conduct local advertising of the Franchise, on the basis described in Paragraph 3.01.D above.

10.03. AIRSOPURE will administer the Fund as follows:

A. The Fund shall be maintained in a separate bank account. Upon request by You, AIRSOPURE will provide an annual accounting of amounts spent from the Fund, including a reasonable allocation to cover AIRSOPURE's overhead expenses for administration and management of the Fund.

B. AIRSOPURE may allocate amounts held in the Fund at its discretion as AIRSOPURE deems appropriate. You are not guaranteed that any particular amount or percentage of the Fund will be spent in Your local market.

C. AIRSOPURE shall have the right to terminate the Fund at any time. However, the Fund will not be terminated until all moneys in the Fund have been expended for the purposes stated in Paragraph 10.02 above.

D. AIRSOPURE may from time to time amend its policies or establish new policies and procedures for administration of the Fund.

10.04. In addition to its monthly contribution to the Fund, You shall spend an amount equal to at least 2% of Your total monthly gross sales (as defined in Paragraph 3.01.C above) on local advertising in Your Exclusive Territory. You shall submit to AIRSOPURE a monthly report to accompany Your advertising fund fee and royalty fee payments accounting for and evidencing Your local advertising expenditures. Your local advertising shall comply with the procedures specified in Paragraph 10.01 above.

                                       9

11.  INSURANCE

11.01. You shall procure and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, at Your expense, insurance policies written by an insurance company satisfactory to AIRSOPURE in accordance with standards and specifications set forth in the Operations Manual or otherwise by AIRSOPURE in writing. Such policies shall name AIRSOPURE as an additional insured and shall include, at a minimum:

A. Comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of $1,000,000.00.

B. Comprehensive automobile liability insurance, including collision, comprehensive, medical and liability to satisfy state law requirements.

C. Additional coverage's and higher policy limits may be required from time to time by AIRSOPURE.

11.02. At least 7 days prior to the opening of the Center and on each policy renewal date thereafter, You shall submit to AIRSOPURE copies of all policies and policy amendments. The evidence of insurance shall include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materially altered without at least 30 days prior written notice to AIRSOPURE.

11.03. Your obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policy or policies in the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by AIRSOPURE, nor shall Your performance of that obligation relieve You of liability under the indemnity provisions set forth in Section 17 of this Agreement.

11.04. Should You, for any reason, fail to procure or maintain the insurance required by this Agreement, AIRSOPURE shall have the right and authority (without, however, any obligation to do so) immediately to procure such insurance and to charge same to You, which charges, together with a reasonable fee for AIRSOPURE's expenses in so acting, shall be payable by You immediately upon notice. AIRSOPURE is not a licensed insurance agent or agency.

12.  TRANSFER OF INTEREST

12.01.   Transfer by AIRSOPURE

A. AIRSOPURE shall have the right to transfer or assign all or any part of its rights or obligations in this Agreement to any person or legal entity. AIRSOPURE may sell or assign any of its assets, including without limitation the Licensed Marks, the system or Products, to any person or legal entity without liability or obligation to You.

B. Nothing in this Agreement or otherwise shall obligate AIRSOPURE to remain in





the indoor air purification business in the event AIRSOPURE should exercise its right to assign this Agreement or its assets which are the subject of this Agreement to a third Party.

12.02.   Transfer by You A. You agree that the rights and duties set forth in this Agreement are personal to You, and that AIRSOPURE has entered into this Agreement and granted the Franchise rights and license hereunder in reliance on Your business skill, financial capacity, and character. Accordingly, You shall not sell, assign, transfer, convey, give away, mortgage or otherwise encumber any direct or indirect interest in the Franchise without the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE.

B. Any purported assignment or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, not having the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE shall be null and void and shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.

C. AIRSOPURE shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to a transfer of any interest in Your Franchise or in this Agreement if the following conditions have been met:

1. All of Your accrued monetary and other

                                       10

obligations to AIRSOPURE and its subsidiaries, affiliates and suppliers shall have been satisfied;

2. You shall not be in default of any provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement between You and AIRSOPURE or its affiliates or suppliers;

3. You shall have executed a general release, in a form satisfactory to AIRSOPURE, of any and all claims against AIRSOPURE and its officers, directors, shareholders and employees.

4. You shall remain liable for all obligations to AIRSOPURE in connection with the Franchise prior to the effective date of the transfer;

5. The transferee shall enter into a written assignment in a form satisfactory to AIRSOPURE assuming and agreeing to discharge all of Your obligations under this Agreement;

6. The transferee shall demonstrate to AIRSOPURE's satisfaction that the transferee meets AIRSOPURE's then existing requirements and qualifications for the granting of an AIRSOPURE Franchise;

7. The transferee shall execute for a term ending on the expiration date of this Agreement the standard form franchise agreement then being offered to new franchisees and such other ancillary agreements and documents as AIRSOPURE may then require for the Franchise, which may include changes in required fee payments or other terms;

8. The transferee shall agree to upgrade the Franchise to conform to the then current standards and specifications for AIRSOPURE franchises;

9. Transferee and its employees shall complete such training programs as AIRSOPURE may reasonably require, at the transferee's expense;

10. You shall pay AIRSOPURE a transfer fee of $1000.00 to cover AIRSOPURE's administrative expenses in connection with the transfer.

12.03.   Right of First Refusal

In the event You desire to sell the AIRSOPURE Center and Franchise rights and license granted herein, or any part of Your stock interest in a corporation that has been granted such rights, and receives a bona fide acceptable offer in writing, You agree to notify AIRSOPURE in writing of the terms and conditions of such offer. AIRSOPURE shall have the option, within 15 days after receipt of such written notice, to notify You that AIRSOPURE elects to purchase the rights and license granted herein or stock ownership on the same terms and conditions as the bona fide written offer. You agree to sell to AIRSOPURE on the same terms and conditions as the bona fide offer and to comply with all applicable laws relating to bulk transfers of assets. If AIRSOPURE fails to notify You of its election to exercise its right of first refusal granted herein within the thirty day period, then You may sell the franchise rights and license or the stock for the amount of the bona fide offer, subject to AIRSOPURE's rights under Section 12.02 above. Any material change in the terms or conditions of any offer prior to closing shall constitute a new offer subject to AIRSOPURE's right of first refusal described herein. If You fail to consummate the transaction within 30 days from the earlier of: (a) receipt of notice from AIRSOPURE that it elects not to exercise its right of first refusal, or (b) expiration of the 15 day period referred to herein, then You must resubmit the proposed transaction to AIRSOPURE, and AIRSOPURE shall have a new 15 day review period and right of first refusal.

12.04.   Transfer Upon Death or Mental Incapacity Upon Your death or mental incapacity, or a person owning all or controlling interest in Your Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall consent to the transfer of such interest to Your spouse or heirs provided, in AIRSOPURE's sole determination, such person(s) meet AIRSOPURE's then existing requirements and qualifications for the granting of an AIRSOPURE Franchise. If the said transfer

                                       11





shall not be approved by AIRSOPURE, Your executor, administrator or personal representative shall transfer Your interest to a third Party approved by AIRSOPURE within 6 months after Your death or the determination of Your mental incapacity. If Your interest is not disposed of within 6 months after such death or mental incapacity, AIRSOPURE may terminate this Agreement.

12.05.   Operation of Franchise by AIRSOPURE In order to prevent any interruption in the business that would cause harm to the Franchise or AIRSOPURE, You authorize AIRSOPURE, at its option but not its obligation, in the event that You are absent or incapacitated by reason of illness, death or otherwise and are not, in AIRSOPURE's sole judgment, able to operate the Franchise for any extended period of time, to operate and manage the Franchise for so long as AIRSOPURE deems necessary, without waiving any of AIRSOPURE's other rights and remedies under this Agreement. All monies from the operation of the Franchise during such period of operation by AIRSOPURE shall be kept in a separate account, and the expenses of AIRSOPURE during such period for operating the Franchise, including reasonable compensation of AIRSOPURE and its employees or representatives, shall be charged to such account. You agree to save harmless and fully indemnify AIRSOPURE and its employees and representatives for and against all claims, losses or actions in connection with the operation and management of the Franchise hereunder.

12.06.   Non-Waiver of Claims AIRSOPURE's consent to a transfer of any interest in the Franchise granted herein shall not constitute a waiver of any claims it may have against You, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of AIRSOPURE's right to demand exact compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement by the transferee.

13.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

13.01 You shall not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, communicate, divulge, or use for the benefit of any other person or entity any confidential information, knowledge, or know-how concerning AIRSOPURE's system, the Products or the operation of the Franchise, including without limitation the Operations Manual. You shall divulge such confidential information only to such of Your employees or agents as must have access to it in order to operate the Franchise. Any and all information, trade secrets, knowledge, know-how, or other data concerning AIRSOPURE's system, the Products or which AIRSOPURE designates as confidential shall be deemed confidential for purposes of this Agreement, except information which You can demonstrate came to Your attention prior to disclosure thereof by AIRSOPURE, or which, at or after the time of disclosure by AIRSOPURE to You, had become or later becomes a part of the public domain, through publication or communication by others. You agree to use such proprietary information of AIRSOPURE only for operation of the Franchise Business.

13.02. You acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 13 are and have been a primary inducement to AIRSOPURE to enter into this Agreement, and that any failure to comply with the requirements of Section 13.01 will cause AIRSOPURE irreparable injury without an adequate remedy at law; and You agree to pay all court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred by AIRSOPURE in obtaining specific performance of, or an injunction against any violation of, the requirements of Section 13.01.

14.  DEFAULT AND TERMINATION

14.01. AIRSOPURE may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder, without affording You any opportunity to cure the defaults, effective immediately upon receipt of notice by You, upon the occurrence of any of the following:

A. You become insolvent or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or if a

                                       12

petition in bankruptcy is filed by You or such a petition is filed against and consented to by You; or if You are adjudicated a bankrupt; or if You are unable to pay commercial debts as they become due.

B. You (or a principal shareholder if the Franchisee is a corporation) is convicted of a felony or any other crime or offense that is reasonably likely, in the sole opinion of AIRSOPURE, to adversely affect the goodwill or reputation of AIRSOPURE or the Licensed Marks.

C. A judgment or consent decree is entered against You (or a principal shareholder if the Franchisee is a corporation) in a case involving allegations of fraud, racketeering, unfair or deceptive trade practices or similar allegations which, in AIRSOPURE's judgment, are likely to adversely affect AIRSOPURE, its Products, the Licensed Marks or the goodwill associated therewith.

D. You or any partner or shareholder in You transfers any rights or obligations under this Agreement or any interest in You or in the Franchise to any third Party without AIRSOPURE's prior written consent.

E. You intentionally disclose the contents of the Operations Manual or&bbsp;other trade secrets or confidential information provided to You by AIRSOPURE to any unauthorized person or fails to exercise reasonable care to prevent such disclosure.

F. You maintain false books or records of the Franchise or knowingly make any material false statements or omission to AIRSOPURE in connection with Your





application for the franchise granted herein or in connection with any reports submitted to AIRSOPURE, including without limitation the understatement of gross sales by more than 2%.

G. You fail to commence business within 4 months following the execution of this Agreement.

H. You (and Your manager) fail to attend any scheduled training program which AIRSOPURE has indicated is mandatory.

I. You operate the Franchise in such a manner which causes a threat or danger to public health or safety.

J. You receive 3 or more notices of default of this Agreement from AIRSOPURE for violations under Section 14.02 hereof.

14.02. Except for violations of this Agreement listed in Section 13.01 above, or violations specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, You shall have 30 days from receipt from AIRSOPURE of a written Notice of Termination (citing the reason(s) therefor) within which to remedy any default listed in this Section 13.02, or any other violation of this Agreement.

A. You fail to pay promptly any monies owing to AIRSOPURE or its subsidiaries or affiliates when due, or to submit the financial information or reports required by AIRSOPURE under this Agreement.

B. You fail to meet or comply with any standards, specifications or procedures prescribed by AIRSOPURE in this Agreement, the Operations Manual or otherwise specified in writing from time to time by AIRSOPURE.

C. You are convicted, plead guilty or enter into a consent agreement for violation of any federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule or regulation that is reasonably likely, in the sole opinion of AIRSOPURE, to materially and unfavorably affect the Franchise or AIRSOPURE, the Licensed Marks or the goodwill associated therewith.

D. You misuse or make any unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks or otherwise impairs the

                                       13

goodwill associated therewith or AIRSOPURE's rights therein.

E. You abandon the Franchise or fail to operate the Center during normal business hours without the consent in writing of AIRSOPURE.

F. You fail to submit advertising or promotional materials to AIRSOPURE for approval in writing prior to use.

14.03. No right or remedy of AIRSOPURE conferred herein shall be exclusive of any other right or remedy provided herein, at law or in equity, unless specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement or any amendment hereto.

14.04. In the event this Agreement is terminated by AIRSOPURE for violation of this Agreement by You, AIRSOPURE shall have the right, at its option, to purchase Your interest in the tangible assets of the Franchise at their fair market value.

15. OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION

15.01. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder to You shall immediately terminate, and:

A. You shall immediately cease to operate the Franchise and shall not thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold itself out as a present or former franchisee of AIRSOPURE.

B. You shall immediately and permanently cease to use, by advertising or in any other manner whatsoever, the Licensed Marks of AIRSOPURE, any other identifying characteristics or trade dress of the system, and all confidential methods, procedures and techniques associated with the Franchise.

C. You shall take such action as may be necessary to cancel any assumed name or equivalent registrations or listings in telephone or other directories which contain the names or Licensed Marks of AIRSOPURE, and You shall furnish AIRSOPURE with evidence satisfactory to AIRSOPURE of compliance with this obligation within 30 days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.

D. You shall promptly pay all sums owing to AIRSOPURE and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by AIRSOPURE as a result of the default.

E. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by AIRSOPURE subsequent to the termination or expiration of the Franchise herein granted in obtaining injunctive or other relief for the enforcement of any provisions of this Agreement.

F. You shall immediately turn over to AIRSOPURE the Operations Manual, records, files, instructions, software, correspondence, and all other materials provided by AIRSOPURE related to the operation of the Franchise, and all copies thereof (all of which are acknowledged to be AIRSOPURE's property), and shall retain no copy or record of any of the foregoing, except only Your copy of this Agreement and any correspondence between the Parties, and any other documents which You reasonably need for compliance with any applicable provision of law.





G. AIRSOPURE shall have the right, but not the duty, to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within 30 days after termination or expiration, to purchase any or all signs, advertising materials, supplies and inventory and any other items bearing AIRSOPURE's Licensed Marks, at Your cost or at fair market value, whichever is less. If the Parties cannot agree on the fair market value of such items, the Parties will select and share the expense of an independent appraiser to determine fair market value. With respect to any purchase by AIRSOPURE as provided herein, AIRSOPURE shall have the right to set off against the purchase price all amounts due from

                                       14

You under this Agreement.

16. COVENANTS

16.01. You covenant and agree (or if Your Franchise is a corporation Your controlling shareholder agrees) to supervise and devote Your best efforts to manage and operate the Franchise.

16.02. You acknowledge that, pursuant to this Agreement, You will receive valuable specialized training and confidential and proprietary information of AIRSOPURE, including, without limitation, information regarding the operational, sales, promotional, and marketing methods and techniques of AIRSOPURE and its system. You covenant and agree that during the term of this Agreement, and subject to the post-termination provisions contained herein, You shall not, except as otherwise approved in writing by AIRSOPURE, either directly or indirectly:

A. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Franchise to any competitor, or competing business, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to AIRSOPURE or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and Products.

B. Employ or seek to employ any person who is at that time employed by AIRSOPURE or by another AIRSOPURE franchisee or induce such person to leave his or her employment.

C. Own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, advise, consult, assist, invest in or have any interest whatsoever in any business or entity which competes with or offers products or services which are the same or similar to those of AIRSOPURE or the Franchise.

16.03. You covenant and agree that You (or any shareholder if Your Franchise is a corporation) shall not, for a period of two years following termination of this Agreement for any reason, either directly or indirectly own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, advise, consult, assist, invest in or have any interest whatsoever in any business or entity which competes with or offers products or services which are the same or similar to those of AIRSOPURE or the Franchise within a radius of 25 miles of Your Exclusive Territory. In the event a court of competent jurisdiction should hold this covenant to be unreasonable or overly broad, the Parties agree to reduce the scope of such covenant to the maximum restriction permitted by law, and You agree to be bound by such less restrictive terms of this covenant. If requested by AIRSOPURE, You agree to obtain and provide to AIRSOPURE executed covenants containing terms equivalent to those contained herein from any employee of Yours who has received training from AIRSOPURE, and, if Your Franchise is a corporation, from any director or shareholder of Your corporation.

16.04. AIRSOPURE covenants and agrees that the restrictions set forth above in Paragraphs 16.02.C and 16.03 shall not apply to ownership by You of less than a 5% beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any publicly traded corporation, provided that You are not an employee, consultant or director of such corporation.

16.05. You covenant and agree that its violation of any covenant contained herein would result in serious, immediate and irreparable injury to AIRSOPURE for which no adequate remedy at law will be available, and You consent, in addition to other remedies which may be available to AIRSOPURE, to the entry without opposition of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by You in violation of any covenant set forth herein.

17. INDEMNIFICATION

17.01. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from all claims, losses, lawsuits and expenses arising from or relating to the Franchise and Your operation thereof, except for: (i) any claims of infringement

                                       15

from third Parties due to Your use of the Licensed Marks, provided that You have used the said Licensed Marks as authorized by AIRSOPURE; and (ii) claims alleging that Products sold or leased by You are defective.

17.02. AIRSOPURE agrees to defend, indemnify and hold You harmless from all claims, losses, lawsuits and expenses arising from or relating to: (i) any claims of infringement from third Parties due to Your use of the Licensed Marks, provided that You have used the Licensed Marks as authorized by AIRSOPURE; and (ii) claims alleging that Products sold or leased by You are defective.





18. GENERAL PROVISIONS

18.01. No failure of a Party to exercise any power reserved to it by this Agreement or to insist upon strict compliance by the other Party with any obligation or condition hereunder shall constitute a waiver of such Party's rights unless such waiver is in writing. Any waiver by either Party shall not constitute a waiver thereafter to demand exact compliance with any of the terms herein. Waiver by a Party of any particular default by the other Party shall not affect or impair such Party's rights with respect to any subsequent default of the same, similar or different nature; nor shall any delay, forbearance or omission of a Party to exercise any power or right arising out of any breach or default by the other Party of any of the terms, provisions, or covenants thereof, affect or impair such Party's right to exercise the same.

18.02. Unforeseen Events

Delays in the performance of any duties hereunder which are not the fault of and are beyond the ability of the Party to control, including without limitation fires, floods, natural disasters, acts of God, labor disputes, riots or other similar events, shall not constitute a default in the Party's performance of this Agreement, and the Parties agree to extend the time of performance for a reasonable period of time to allow for such delays.

18.03. The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors. No partnership, joint venture, employment or relationship of principal and agent is intended, and You may not commit or bind AIRSOPURE to any obligation whatsoever.

18.04. Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by any means which will provide evidence of the date received, to the respective Parties at the following addresses unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other Party:

Notices to AIRSOPURE: Airsopure International Group, Inc. 15400 Knoll Trail, Suite 200 Dallas, Texas 75248 Attn: John Potter, President

Notices to You:

- --------------------------------

- --------------------------------

- --------------------------------

Any notice shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time it is received.

18.05. This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire Agreement between AIRSOPURE and You concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements, oral or written. No amendment, change or variance from this Agreement shall be binding on either Party unless executed by both Parties in writing.

18.06. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable; and if, for any reason, any provision herein is determined to be invalid under any law or by a court having valid jurisdiction, such shall not impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such other

                                       16

provisions of this Agreement, and the latter shall continue to be given full force and effect and bind the Parties hereto, and the invalid provision shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement.

18.07. This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by AIRSOPURE in the State of Texas, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of Texas.

18.08. The Parties agree that any action brought by either Party against the other in any court, whether federal or state, shall be brought within the State of Texas in the judicial district in which AIRSOPURE has its principal place of business and do hereby waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue for the purpose of carrying out this provision.

18.09. If either Party is required to resort to legal process to enforce any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing Party will recover all costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in such legal proceeding.

18.10. You represent to AIRSOPURE that You have conducted an independent investigation of the business franchised hereunder and recognizes that the business venture contemplated by this Agreement involves business risks, and that its success will be largely dependent upon Your ability as an independent business person. AIRSOPURE expressly disclaims the making of, and You acknowledge that You have not received, any representation or guarantee, express or implied, as to the potential volume, profits or success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement.

18.11. You acknowledge that You received a completed copy of this Agreement, the attachments hereto, if any, and agreements relating thereto, if any, at least 5





business days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed. You further acknowledge that You have received the Offering Circular, as required by the Federal Trade Commission, at least 10 business days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed.

18.12. This Agreement contains various headings, but it is agreed that such headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning of the provisions of this Agreement.

18.13. You acknowledge that You have read and understood this Agreement, the attachments hereto, if any, and agreements relating thereto, if any, and that AIRSOPURE has accorded You ample time and opportunity to consult with advisors of Your own choosing about the potential benefits and risks of entering into this Agreement.

19. APPLICABLE LAW AND MEDIATION

A. THE PARTIES AGREE TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (AND ATTACHMENTS) OR THE RELATIONSHIP CREATED BY THIS AGREEMENT TO NON-BINDING MEDIATION PRIOR TO BRINGING SUCH CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE IN A COURT. THE MEDIATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED THROUGH EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL MEDIATOR OR A MEDIATOR APPOINTED BY A MEDIATION SERVICES ORGANIZATION OR BODY, EXPERIENCED IN THE MEDIATION OF DISPUTES IN THE AIR PURIFICATION SERVICE BUSINESS, AGREED UPON BY THE PARTIES AND, FAILING SUCH AGREEMENT WITHIN A REASONABLE PERIOD OF TIME AFTER EACH PARTY HAS NOTIFIED THE OTHER OF ITS DESIRE TO SEEK MEDIATION OF ANY CLAIM CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE (NOT TO EXCEED 15 DAYS), THROUGH THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION IN ACCORDANCE THE RULES GOVERNING MEDIATION, AT AIRSOPURE CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS IN DALLAS, TEXAS. THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF MEDIATION, INCLUDING COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES OF THE MEDIATOR, SHALL BE BORNE BY THE PARTIES EQUALLY. IF THE PARTIES ARE UNABLE TO RESOLVE THE CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE 90 DAYS

                                       17

AFTER THE MEDIATOR HAS BEEN APPOINTED, THEN EITHER PARTY MAY SUBMIT SUCH CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE TO A COURT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 19.B. BELOW NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EITHER PARTY MAY BRING AN ACTION (1) FOR MONEYS OWED, (2) FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, OR (3) INVOLVING THE POSSESSION OR DISPOSITION OF, OR OTHER RELIEF RELATING TO, REAL PROPERTY IN A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 19.B. BELOW, WITHOUT SUBMITTING SUCH ACTION TO MEDIATION.

B. WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES WHICH ARE NOT FINALLY RESOLVED THROUGH MEDIATION, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT YOURSELF TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE COURTS OF DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS AND THE FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, DALLAS DIVISION. YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON YOU IN ANY EACH PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP CREATED BY THIS AGREEMENT BY ANY MEANS ALLOWED BY TEXAS OR FEDERAL LAW. VENUE FOR ANY SUCH LEGAL PROCEEDING SHALL BE DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS; PROVIDED, HOWEVER WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION (1) FOR MONEYS OWED, (2) FOR INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER EXTRAORDINARY RELIEF OR (3) INVOLVING POSSESSION OR DISPOSITION OF; OR OFFER RELIEF RELATING TO, REAL PROPERTY, AIRSOPURE MAY BRING SUCH ACTION IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT WHICH HAS JURISDICTION. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ALL QUESTIONS OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION FOR TITLE PURPOSE OF CARRYING OUT THIS PROVISION. WITH RESPECT TO ALL CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES, DISPUTES OR ACTIONS, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED UNDER TEXAS LAW (EXCEPT FOR TEXAS CHOICE OF LAW RULES).

C. YOU AND AIRSOPURE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PARTIES' AGREEMENT REGARDING APPLICABLE STATE LAW AND FORUM SET FORTH IN SECTION 19.B. ABOVE PROVIDE EACH OF THE PARTIES WITH THE MUTUAL BENEFIT OF UNIFORM INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PARTIES' RELATIONSHIP CREATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF YOU AND AIRSOPURE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THE RECEIPT AND SUFFICIENCY OF MUTUAL CONSIDERATION FOR SUCH BENEFIT.

D. YOU AND AIRSOPURE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT OCCURRED IN DALLAS, TEXAS AND FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PERFORMANCE OF CERTAIN OBLIGATIONS OF YOU ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL OCCUR IN DALLAS, TEXAS.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed, sealed, and delivered this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

AIRSOPURE:

By:    ---------------------------------

Title:       ------------------------------

YOU:

By:    ---------------------------------

Title:       ------------------------------

                                       18

                                    EXHIBIT F





                               PERSONAL GUARANTEE

For value received, and in consideration of the execution by Airsopure International Group, Inc. ("Airsopure") of a Franchise Agreement with

- ---------------------------------------- ("Franchisee"), The undersigned

- ---------------------------------------- ("Guarantor") hereby unconditionally guarantees to Airsopure all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities, direct or indirect, matured or immatured, primary or secondary, certain or contingent, of Franchisee to Airsopure, now or hereafter owing or incurred. This Guarantee is an absolute, unconditional, unlimited and continuing guarantee of the full and punctual payment by Franchisee of the foregoing indebtedness, obligations and liabilities and not of their collectibility only. Upon any default by Franchisee in such full and punctual payment, the liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall, at Airsopure's option, become forthwith due and payable without demand or notice of any nature, all of which are expressly waived by the Guarantor.

Airsopure may deal with Franchisee in such manner as Airsopure in its sole discretion deems fit, and Guarantor gives to Airsopure full authority, in its sole discretion, to do any or all of the following things: a) extend credit, make loans and afford other financial accommodations to Franchisee at such times, in such amounts and on such terms as Airsopure may approve; b) vary the terms and grant extensions or renewals of any present or future indebtedness of Franchisee to Airsopure; c) grant time, waivers and other indulgences in respect thereto; d) vary, exchange, release or discharge, wholly or partially, or delay in or abstain from perfecting and enforcing any security or guaranty or other means of obtaining payment; e) accept partial payments from Franchisee; f) release or discharge, wholly or partially, any endorser or guarantor; g) compromise or make any settlement or other arrangement with Franchisee.

Guarantor waives notice of acceptance hereof or of any action taken or omitted by Airsopure in reliance hereon and any requirement that Airsopure be diligent or prompt in making demands hereunder, giving notice of any default by Franchisee or asserting any other right hereunder.

No provision of this Guaranty can be changed, waived, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by Airsopure and Guarantor, and no such waiver shall extend to, affect or impair any other right of Airsopure hereunder.

This Unlimited Guarantee shall inure to the benefit of Airsopure and its successors and assigns, and shall be binding on the Guarantor and the Guarantor's successors, heirs and assigns.

EXECUTED on this ____ day of ____________, 2000.

- ---------------------------------------- GUARANTOR

- ---------------------------------------- WITNESS

                                   EXHIBIT G

                            CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

This Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into effective the _____day of ________________, 2000 by and between Airsopure International Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, located at 15400 Knoll Trail, Suite 200, Dallas, Texas 75248 (the "Company") and

- ----------------------------------------------- who resides at

- -----------------------------------------------

- -----------------------------------------------

- -----------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------- (the "Associate").

                                    RECITALS

A. Company sells franchises for the operation of air purification system business which operate under the name and service mark "Airsopure" (the "Franchises");

B. Company has developed a business method for operating Franchises utilizing certain Information, plans, methods, data, processes, marketing systems, techniques, operating procedures, trademarks, designs, information and know how of Company (the "Confidential Information"), and such Confidential Information may be further developed from time to time by Company:

C. Company has established substantial goodwill and an excellent reputation with respect to the quality of services available, which goodwill and reputation have been and will continue to be of Major benefit to Company;





D. Associate is or will become involved with Company, or a franchise of Company, in the capacity of an officer, partner, director or as beneficial owner of an Airsopure Franchise or an employee of a Franchise, and will become privileged to certain Confidential Information; and

E. Associate and Company have reached an understanding with regard to nondisclosure by Associate of Confidential Information and Noncompetition by Associate with Company

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, Associate and Company, intending legally to be bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Associate and Company acknowledge that the business plan and methods used in connection with the operation of the Franchise which utilize Company's Confidential Information, are confidential, unique, constitute the exclusive property of Company and are trade secrets of Company. Associate acknowledges that any disclosure of the Confidential Information would be wrong and would cause irreparable injury and harm to Company. Associate further acknowledges that Company has expended a great amount of effort and money in obtaining and developing the Confidential Information, the Company has taken numerous precautions to guard the secrecy of the Confidential Information and that it would be very costly for competitors to acquire or duplicate the Confidential Information.

2. OPERATIONS MANUAL AS TRADE SECRET It is understood that Confidential Information, constituting "trade secret", as used in this Agreement is deemed to include, without initiation, any and all information contained in the Franchise Operations Manual, which may be provided AS one or more separate manuals, or written instructional guides, as the same are changed or supplemented from time to time, and any information of whatever nature which gives to Company an opportunity to obtain an advantage over its competitors who do not have access to, know or use such lists, written materials or information.

3. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Associate shall not at any time, publish, disclose, divulge or in any manner communicate to any person, firm' corporation, association. partnership or any other entity whatsoever or use, directly or indirectly, for its own benefit or for the benefit of any Person, firm, corporation or other entity, other than the use of Company, any of the Confidential Information of Company or its Affiliates.

4. NO INTERFERENCE WITH BUSINESS. During the term of this Agreement, neither Associate nor any member of his or her immediate finally shall divert or attempt to divert: I) any business related to, or any customer or prospective customer of; the Franchise by direct inducement or otherwise, or 2) the employment of Company or another franchisee licensed by Company,

                                       1

to any Competitive Business by any direct inducement or otherwise.

5. REMEDIES. Associate hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any violations of this Agreement, Company shall be authorized and entitled, without posting a bond to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief as well as an equitable accounting of all profits or benefits arising out of any such violation, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative and in addition to any rights or remedies to which Company may be entitled.

6. EFFECT OF WAVIER. The waiver by Associate or company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof

7. BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Associate and Company and their respective heirs, executors, representatives successors and assigns.

8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This instrument contains the entire agreement of Associate and Company relating to the matters set forth here It may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing, signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change modification, extension or discharge is sought.

9. GOVERNING LAW. This instrument shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Texas.

10. JURISDICTION AND VENUE. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Associate of this Agreement, Associate hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the State District Court in Dallas County, Texas and the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Texas, and irrevocably agrees that venue for any action or proceeding shall be in Dallas County, Texas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the laws of the state where, Associate resides require that the jurisdiction or venue be elsewhere, then such other states laws shall control. but only to the extent that such other state's laws so require.

11. SEVERABILITV. Should anyone or more of the provisions hereof be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, all other provisions hereof shall be given separately therefrom and shall not be affected thereby.

12. COST OF ENFORCEMENT. In any action at law or in equity to enforce any of the provisions or rights under this Agreement, the unsuccessful party in such





litigation as determined by the court in a final judgment or decree, shall pay the successful party or parties all costs, expenses and reasonable attorney's fees incurred therein by such arty or parties (including without Initiation such as costs, expenses and fees on any appeals), plus, if applicable, interest at the highest rate allowable by law, accruing from the date of the breach of this Agreement. If such successful party shall recover judgement in any such action or proceeding, such costs, expenses. attorney's fees and interest shall be included as part of such judgment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement on the date first above written.

FOR AIRSOPURE (COMPANY):

- --------------------------------------------

FOR FRANCHISEE OF AIRSOPURE:

- --------------------------------------------

ASSOCIATE OF FRANCHISEE:

- --------------------------------------------

ASSOCIATE'S WORK CAPACITY:

- --------------------------------------------

                                       2
ALAMOGORDO FINANCIAL CORPORATION                                 1,101,643 Shares

                                  COMMON STOCK                            (Par Value $.0l Per Share)

                       Subscription Price $10.00 Per Share

                                AGENCY AGREEMENT

                              ___________ __, 2000

Charles Webb & Company, a Division of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. 211 Bradenton Avenue Dublin, Ohio 43017

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         Alamogordo   Financial   Corporation,   a  federal   corporation   (the "Company"), AF Mutual Holding Company (the "MHC") and Alamogordo Federal Savings and Loan Association,  a federally  chartered stock savings and loan association (the  "Bank")  with its  deposit  accounts  insured by the  Savings  Association Insurance  Fund  ("SAIF")   administered  by  the  Federal   Deposit   Insurance Corporation  ("FDIC"),  hereby confirm,  jointly and severally,  their agreement with Charles Webb & Company,  a Division of Keefe,  Bruyette & Woods,  Inc. (the "Agent"), as follows:

         Section 1. The  Offering.  In accordance  with the Stock  Issuance Plan adopted by its Board of Directors (the "Plan"),  the Company will offer and sell up to  1,101,643  shares of its common  stock,  par  value,  $.01 per share (the "Shares" or "Common  Stock"),  in a  subscription  offering  (the  "Subscription Offering") to (1) depositors of the Bank with account balances of $50.00 or more as of September 30, 1998 ("Eligible  Account  Holders"),  (2) the Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Bank (the "ESOP"), (3) depositors of the Bank with account balances  of $50.00 or more as of  December  31,  1999  ("Supplemental  Eligible Account Holders"), and (4) employees, officers and directors of the Bank. To the extent  Shares  remain  unsold in the  Subscription  Offering,  the  Company  is offering for sale in a community  offering  (the  "Community  Offering" and when referred to together  with the  Subscription  Offering,  the  "Subscription  and Community  Offering")  the  Shares  not  so  subscribed  for or  ordered  in the Subscription Offering to members of the general public, with preference given to natural persons residing in the New Mexico counties of Otero and Lincoln

("Other Subscribers"),  (all such offerees being referred to in the aggregate as "Eligible  Offerees").  It is anticipated  that shares not subscribed for in the Subscription  and Community  Offering will be offered to certain  members of the general  public on a best efforts basis through a selected  dealers  arrangement (the "Syndicated  Community  Offering") (the  Subscription  Offering,  Community Offering and Syndicated  Community Offering are collectively  referred to as the "Offering").  It is acknowledged  that the purchase of Shares in the Offering is subject to the maximum and minimum purchase limitations as described in the Plan and that the Company and the Bank may  reject,  in whole or in part,  any orders received in the Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering. The Company will  issue the Shares at a  purchase  price of $10.00 per share (the  "Purchase Price").

         The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the "Commission")  a  registration  statement  on Form  S-1  (File  No.  333- ) (the "Registration  Statement")  containing a prospectus relating to the Offering for the  registration  of the  Shares  under the  Securities  Act of 1933 (the "1933 Act"),  and has filed such amendments  thereof and such amended  prospectuses as may have been  required to the date hereof.  The term  "Registration  Statement" shall  include  all  exhibits  thereto,  as  amended,  including  post-effective amendments.  The prospectus, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the Registration  Statement initially became effective is hereinafter called the "Prospectus,"  except that if any Prospectus is filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act  Regulations")  differing  from the prospectus on file at the time  the  Registration   Statement   initially  becomes  effective,   the  term "Prospectus"  shall refer to the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from and after the time said prospectus is filed with the Commission.

         In accordance  with Title 12, Parts 575 and 563b of the Code of Federal Regulations  (the "MHC  Regulations"),  the Company has filed with the Office of Thrift  Supervision (the "OTS") an Application on Form MHC-2 with respect to the stock  issuance  (the  "MHC  Application"),  including  the  Prospectus  and the Valuation  Appraisal Report prepared by RP Financial,  LC (the  "Appraisal") and has filed such amendments  thereto as may have been required by the OTS. The MHC Application  has been  approved by the OTS and the related  Prospectus  has been authorized for use by the OTS.





         Section 2. Retention of Agent;  Compensation;  Sale and Delivery of the Shares.  Subject to the terms and conditions  herein set forth,  the Company and the Bank have retained the Agent to consult with and to advise the Bank, the MHC and the Company,  and to assist the Company,  on a best  efforts  basis,  in the distribution  of the shares of Common Stock in the  Offering.  The services that the  Agent  will  provide  include,  but are not  limited  to (i)  training  the employees  of the Bank who will  perform  certain  ministerial  functions in the Subscription  and Community  Offering  regarding  the  mechanics and  regulatory requirements of the stock offering process,  (ii) managing the Stock Information Center by assisting  interested stock  subscribers and by keeping records of all stock orders and (iii) preparing marketing materials.

                                        2

         On the basis of the representations,  warranties, and agreements herein contained,  but subject to the terms and conditions  herein set forth, the Agent accepts such appointment and agrees to consult with and advise the Company,  the MHC and the Bank as to the  matters set forth in the letter  agreement  ("Letter Agreement"),  dated  November 29, 1999 between the Company and the Agent (a copy of which is attached  hereto as Exhibit A). It is  acknowledged  by the Company, the MHC and the Bank that the Agent  shall not be  required  to take or purchase any Shares or be  obligated to take any action  which is  inconsistent  with all applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders.

         The  obligations of the Agent  pursuant to this  Agreement  (other than those set forth in  Sections  2(d),  8 and 9 hereof)  shall  terminate  upon the completion  or  termination  or  abandonment  of the Plan by the Company or upon termination  of the  Offering,  but in no event  later  than the date  (the "End Date") which is 45 days after the Closing  Date (as  hereinafter  defined).  All fees or  expenses  due to the Agent but  unpaid  will be payable to the Agent in next day funds at the earlier of the Closing  Date (as  hereinafter  defined) or the End Date.  In the event the  Offering is extended  beyond the End Date,  the Company, the MHC, the Bank and the Agent may agree to renew this Agreement under mutually acceptable terms.

         In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 708,050  Shares within the period  herein  provided,  this  Agreement  shall  terminate  and the Company shall refund to any persons who have  subscribed  for any of the Shares, the full amount which it may have  received  from them plus accrued  interest as set forth in the  Prospectus;  and none of the parties to this  Agreement  shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof.

         In the event the Offering is terminated,  the Agent shall be reimbursed for its actual accountable out-of-pocket expenses.

         If all  conditions  precedent  to  the  consummation  of the  Offering, including, without limitation, the sale of all Shares required by the Plan to be sold, are satisfied,  the Company  agrees to issue,  or have issued,  the Shares sold in the Offering and to release for delivery certificates for such Shares on the Closing Date (as hereinafter  defined) against payment to the Company by any means authorized by the Plan; provided, however, that no funds shall be released to the Company  until the  conditions  specified  in Section 7 hereof shall have been  complied  with to the  reasonable  satisfaction  of the  Agent  and  their counsel.  The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be made on a date and at a place  acceptable  to the  Company,  the MHC,  the Bank and the  Agent. Certificates  for  shares  shall be  delivered  directly  to the  purchasers  in accordance with their directions.  The date upon which the Company shall release or deliver the Shares sold in the Offering, in accordance with the terms herein, is called the "Closing Date."

         The Agent shall  receive the  following  compensation  for its services hereunder:

                                        3

          (a)  A  management  fee of $25,000,  payable in four  installments  of                $6,250 on  November 29 and  December  29, 1999 and January 29 and                February 29,  2000.  Should the  Offering be  terminated  for any                reason not  attributable  to the action or inaction of the Agent,                the Agent  shall  have  earned  and be  entitled  to be paid fees                accruing through the stage at which the termination occurred.

          (b)  A Success Fee of $75,000.

          (c)  If any of the shares remain  available after the Subscription and                Community  Offerings,  at the request of the Bank, the Agent will                seek to form a syndicate of registered  broker-dealers  to assist                in the sale of such Common Stock on a best efforts basis, subject                to the terms and  conditions  set forth in the  selected  dealers                agreement. the Agent will endeavor to distribute the Common Stock                among  dealers in a fashion  which  best  meets the  distribution                objectives of the Bank and the Plan. the Agent will be paid a fee                not to exceed 5.5% of the aggregate  Purchase Price of the Shares                sold by them.  the Agent will pass onto selected  broker-dealers,





               who assist in the  syndicated  community,  an amount  competitive                with  gross  underwriting  discounts  changed  at such  time  for                comparable  amounts of stock sold at a comparable price per share                in a similar market  environment.  Fees with respect to purchases                affected with the  assistance of a  broker/dealer  other than the                Agent shall be  transmitted  by the Agent to such  broker/dealer.                The decision to utilize selected  broker-dealers  will be made by                the Bank upon  consultation  with the Agent.  In the event,  with                respect to any  purchases  of Shares,  fees are paid  pursuant to                this subparagraph 2(c), such fees shall be in lieu of, and not in                addition to, payment pursuant to subparagraph 2(a) and 2(b).

          (d)  The Company  will bear those  expenses of the  proposed  offering                customarily  borne by  issuers,  including,  without  limitation,                regulatory   filing  fees,   "Blue  Sky,"  and  NASD  filing  and                registration  fees;  the  fees  of  the  Company's   accountants,                attorneys,  appraiser,  transfer agent and  registrar,  printing,                mailing and marketing and syndicate expenses  associated with the                Offering;  the fees set  forth in  Section  2; and fees for "Blue                Sky" legal work.  If the Agent  incurs  expenses on behalf of the                Company, the Company will reimburse the Agent for such expenses.

               The  Agent  shall  be  reimbursed  for  reasonable  out-of-pocket                expenses,   including   costs  of  travel,   meals  and  lodging,                photocopying,  telephone, facsimile and couriers. The Agent shall                also  be  reimbursed  for  its  fees  of  underwriter's   counsel                (including  counsel's   out-of-pocket  expenses)  not  to  exceed                $35,000. The selection of such counsel will be done by the Agent,                after consultation with the Bank.

         Section 3. Prospectus; Offering. The Shares are to be initially offered in the Offering at the Purchase Price as defined and set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus.

                                        4

         Section 4.  Representations and Warranties of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank. The Company,  the MHC and the Bank jointly and severally represent and warrant to and agree with the Agent as follows:

          (a)  The Registration Statement which was prepared by the Company, the                MHC and the  Bank and  filed  with the  Commission  was  declared                effective by the  Commission on __________  __, 2000. At the time                the Registration  Statement,  including the Prospectus  contained                therein   (including   any  amendment  or   supplement),   became                effective,  the Registration  Statement  contained all statements                that were required to be stated  therein in  accordance  with the                1933 Act and the 1933 Act  Regulations,  complied in all material                respects with the  requirements  of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act                Regulations  and  the  Registration   Statement,   including  the                Prospectus   contained   therein   (including  any  amendment  or                supplement thereto), and any information regarding the Company or                the MHC or the Bank contained in Sales  Information (as such term                is defined in Section 8 hereof)  authorized  by the Company,  the                MHC or the Bank for use in connection with the Offering,  did not                contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a                material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make                the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which                they were made, not  misleading,  and at the time any Rule 424(b)                or (c)  Prospectus  was  filed  with  the  Commission  and at the                Closing  Date   referred  to  in  Section  2,  the   Registration                Statement,  including the Prospectus contained therein (including                any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),   and  any  information                regarding  the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank  contained in Sales                Information  (as  such  term is  defined  in  Section  8  hereof)                authorized  by  the  Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank  for  use in                connection with the Offering will contain all statements that are                required to be stated therein in accordance with the 1933 Act and                the 1933 Act Regulations and will not contain an untrue statement                of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary in                order  to  make  the   statements   therein,   in  light  of  the                circumstances   under  which  they  were  made,  not  misleading;                provided,  however,  that the  representations  and warranties in                this Section 4(a) shall not apply to statements or omissions made                in  reliance  upon and in  conformity  with  written  information                furnished to the Company, the MHC or the Bank by the Agent or its                counsel  expressly  regarding the Agent for use in the Prospectus                or  statements  in or  omissions  from any Sales  Information  or                information  filed pursuant to state  securities or blue sky laws                or regulations regarding the Agent.

          (b)  The MHC  Application  which was prepared by the Company,  the MHC                and the Bank and filed  with the OTS was  approved  by the OTS on                ___________  ___,  2000,  and the  related  Prospectus  has  been                authorized for use by the OTS. At the time of the approval of the                MHC Application, including the

                                        5





               Prospectus  (including any amendment or supplement  thereto),  by                the OTS and at all times  subsequent  thereto  until the  Closing                Date, the MHC  Application,  including the Prospectus  (including                any amendment or supplement thereto), will comply in all material                respects with the MHC Regulations, except to the extent waived in                writing by the OTS. The MHC Application, including the Prospectus                (including any amendment or supplement thereto), does not include                any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or  omit to  state a                material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make                the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which                they were  made,  not  misleading;  provided,  however,  that the                representations  and  warranties  in this  Section 4(b) shall not                apply to  statements  or omissions  made in reliance  upon and in                conformity with written information furnished to the Company, the                MHC or the Bank by the Agent or its counsel  expressly  regarding                the  Agent  for  use  in the  Prospectus  contained  in  the  MHC                Application   or  statements  in  or  omissions  from  any  sales                information.

          (c)  The Company and the MHC have  registered  with the OTS as savings                and loan  holding  companies  under the Home Owners' Loan Act, as                amended ("HOLA").

          (d)  No order has been issued by the OTS or the FDIC  (hereinafter any                reference  to the FDIC  shall  include  the SAIF)  preventing  or                suspending the use of the Prospectus,  and no action by or before                any such government entity to revoke any approval,  authorization                or order of effectiveness related to the Offering is, to the best                knowledge  of  the  Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank,  pending  or                threatened.

          (e)  The MHC is and, as of the Closing Date,  will continue to be duly                organized and validly  existing as a federally  chartered  mutual                holding  company  under  the  laws  of the  United  States,  duly                authorized  to  conduct  its  business  and own its  property  as                described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; as of                the  Closing  Date,  the MHC will  have  obtained  all  licenses,                permits and other  governmental  authorizations  required for the                conduct of its business except those that  individually or in the                aggregate  would not  materially  adversely  affect the financial                condition,   earnings,  capital,  assets  or  properties  of  the                Company,  MHC and Bank taken as a whole;  as of the Closing Date,                all such licenses,  permits and governmental  authorizations will                be in full  force and  effect  and the MHC will be in  compliance                therewith in all material  respects;  as of the Closing Date, the                MHC will be duly  qualified as a foreign  corporation to transact                business  in each  jurisdiction  in which  the  failure  to be so                qualified  in one or  more  of such  jurisdictions  would  have a                material  adverse  effect on the financial  condition,  earnings,                capital,  assets,  properties or business of the Company, MHC and                Bank considered as one enterprise.

                                        6

          (f)  The MHC does not own any equity securities or any equity interest                in any business enterprise except as described in the Prospectus.

          (g)  The MHC is not authorized to issue any shares of capital stock.

          (h)  At the  Closing  Date,  the Plan will have  been  adopted  by the                Boards  of  Directors  of the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank and                approved  by the  members of the Bank,  and the offer and sale of                the Shares will have been  conducted in all material  respects in                accordance  with the  Plan,  the MHC  Regulations,  and all other                applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all                terms,  conditions,  requirements and provisions precedent to the                Offering  imposed  upon the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank by the                OTS, the Commission, or any other regulatory authority and in the                manner  described  in the  Prospectus.  No person  has  sought to                obtain  review of the final  action of the OTS in  approving  the                Plan or in approving the MHC Application, or any other statute or                regulation.

          (i)  The Bank has been organized and is a validly  existing  federally                chartered  savings and loan  association in capital stock form of                organization, duly authorized to conduct its business and own its                property  as  described  in the  Registration  Statement  and the                Prospectus;  the Bank has obtained all material licenses, permits                and other governmental  authorizations currently required for the                conduct  of  its  business;   all  such  licenses,   permits  and                governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the                Bank is in all material respects  complying with all laws, rules,                regulations  and  orders  applicable  to  the  operation  of  its                business;  the Bank is  existing  under  the  laws of the  United                States and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact                business and is in good  standing in each  jurisdiction  in which                its  ownership  of property or leasing of property or the conduct                of its business requires such  qualification,  unless the failure                to be so qualified in one or more of such jurisdictions would not                have a material  adverse  effect on the  condition,  financial or                otherwise, or the business, operations or income of the Bank. The





               Bank does not own equity securities or any equity interest in any                other business  enterprise  except as described in the Prospectus                or as would not be material to the  operations of the Bank.  Upon                completion of the sale by the Company of the Shares  contemplated                by the Prospectus,  (i) all of the issued and outstanding capital                stock of the Bank will be owned by the Company,  (ii) the Company                will have no direct  subsidiaries  other than the Bank, and (iii)                the Company will be a  majority-owned  subsidiary of the MHC. The                Offering  will have been  effected  in all  material  respects in                accordance with all applicable statutes,  regulations,  decisions                and orders;  and,  except  with  respect to the filing of certain                post-sale,  post-Offering  reports,  and  documents in compliance                with the 1933 Act Regulations, the OTS' resolutions or letters of

                                        7

               approval, all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with                respect to the Offering  imposed by the Commission,  the OTS, and                the FDIC,  if any,  will have been  complied with by the Company,                the MHC and the  Bank in all  material  respects  or  appropriate                waivers  will have been  obtained  and all  material  notice  and                waiting periods will have been satisfied, waived or elapsed.

          (j)  The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as                a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  United                States  with  corporate  power and  authority  to own,  lease and                operate its  properties  and to conduct its business as described                in the  Registration  Statement  and the  Prospectus,  and at the                Closing  Date the Company  will be  qualified to do business as a                foreign  corporation in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of                its  business  requires  such  qualification,  except  where  the                failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on                the   condition,   financial  or  otherwise,   or  the  business,                operations or income of the Company. The Company has obtained all                material licenses, permits and other governmental  authorizations                currently  required  for the  conduct of its  business;  all such                licenses,  permits and  governmental  authorizations  are in full                force and  effect,  and the Company is in all  material  respects                complying with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable                to the operation of its business.

          (k)  The Bank is a member  of the  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank of Dallas                ("FHLB- Dallas"). The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by                the FDIC up to the applicable  limits; and no proceedings for the                termination  or revocation  of such  insurance are pending or, to                the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened.

          (l)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank have good and marketable title                to all real property and good title to all other assets  material                to the business of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank, taken as a                whole,  and to  those  properties  and  assets  described  in the                Registration  Statement and Prospectus as owned by them, free and                clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except                such  as  are  described  in  the   Registration   Statement  and                Prospectus,  or are not  material to the business of the Company,                the MHC and the Bank, taken as a whole; and all of the leases and                subleases  material to the business of the  Company,  the MHC and                the Bank, taken as a whole,  under which the Company,  the MHC or                the  Bank  hold  properties,  including  those  described  in the                Registration  Statement  and  Prospectus,  are in full  force and                effect.

          (m)  The  Company  and the Bank  have  received  an  opinion  of their                special  counsel,  Luse  Lehman  Gorman  Pomerenk  & Schick  with                respect to the federal  income tax  consequences  of the Offering                and the opinions of

                                        8

               ____________________  with  respect  to  New  Mexico  income  tax                consequences  of  the  Offering;  all  material  aspects  of  the                opinions   of  Luse   Lehman   Gorman   Pomerenk   &  Schick  and                _____________________    are   accurately   summarized   in   the                Registration  Statement and will be accurately  summarized in the                Prospectus; and further represent and warrant that the facts upon                which  such  opinions  are  based  are  truthful,   accurate  and                complete.

          (n)  The Company, the MHC and the Bank have all such power, authority,                authorizations,  approvals and orders as may be required to enter                into this  Agreement,  to carry out the provisions and conditions                hereof  and to  issue  and  sell  the  Shares  to be  sold by the                Company,  as provided  herein and as described in the  Prospectus                except approval or confirmation by the OTS of the final appraisal                of the Company. The consummation of the Offering,  the execution,                delivery and  performance of this Agreement and the  consummation                of the  transactions  herein  contemplated  have  been  duly  and                validly authorized by all necessary  corporate action on the part





               of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank and this Agreement has been                validly  executed and  delivered by the Company,  the MHC and the                Bank  and  is the  valid,  legal  and  binding  agreement  of the                Company,  the MHC and the Bank enforceable in accordance with its                terms  (except as the  enforceability  thereof  may be limited by                bankruptcy,  insolvency,  moratorium,  reorganization  or similar                laws  relating to or  affecting  the  enforcement  of  creditors'                rights  generally  or the rights of creditors of savings and loan                holding companies, the accounts of whose subsidiaries are insured                by the FDIC or by general equity principles regardless of whether                such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at                law,  and except to the  extent if any,  that the  provisions  of                Sections 8 and 9 hereof may be  unenforceable  as against  public                policy).

          (o)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank are not in  violation  of any                directive received from the OTS, the FDIC, or any other agency to                make any  material  change  in the  method  of  conducting  their                businesses  so as to comply  in all  material  respects  with all                applicable   statutes   and   regulations   (including,   without                limitation,  regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the                OTS,  and  the  FDIC)  and,  except  as may be set  forth  in the                Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus,  there is no suit or                proceeding or charge or action before or by any court, regulatory                authority  or  governmental  agency or body,  pending  or, to the                knowledge of the Company, the MHC or the Bank, threatened,  which                might   materially  and  adversely   affect  the  Offering,   the                performance  of  this  Agreement  or  the   consummation  of  the                transactions  contemplated  in the Plan and as  described  in the                Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus or which might result                in any material  adverse  change in the  condition  (financial or                otherwise), earnings, capital or properties of the

                                        9

               Company,  the MHC and the Bank, or which would materially  affect                their properties and assets.

          (p)  The financial  statements,  schedules  and notes related  thereto                which  are  included  in  the   Prospectus   fairly  present  the                consolidated  balance  sheet,  income  statement,   statement  of                changes in equity  and cash  flows of the Bank at the  respective                dates  indicated and for the respective  periods  covered thereby                and  comply  as  to  form  in  all  material  respects  with  the                applicable  accounting  requirements  of  Title 12 of the Code of                Federal Regulations and generally accepted accounting  principles                (including  those  requiring the  recording of certain  assets at                their current market value). Such financial statements, schedules                and notes related  thereto have been prepared in accordance  with                generally accepted  accounting  principles  consistently  applied                through  the periods  involved,  present  fairly in all  material                respects the  information  required to be stated  therein and are                consistent  with the most recent  financial  statements and other                reports  filed by the Bank  with the OTS.  The  other  financial,                statistical and pro forma  information and related notes included                in the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein on                a basis  consistent  with the  audited  and  unaudited  financial                statements of the Bank included in the Prospectus,  and as to the                pro forma  adjustments,  the adjustments  described  therein have                been properly applied on the basis described therein.

          (q)  Since the  respective  dates as of which  information is given in                the Registration  Statement  including the Prospectus:  (i) there                has not been any material adverse change, financial or otherwise,                in the condition of the Company,  the MHC or the Bank  considered                as one enterprise,  or in the earnings,  capital or properties of                the Company,  the MHC or the Bank,  whether or not arising in the                ordinary course of business; (ii) there has not been any material                increase in the  long-term  debt of the Bank or in the  principal                amount of the Bank's  assets which are  classified by the Bank as                substandard,  doubtful  or loss or in  loans  past due 90 days or                more or real estate acquired by  foreclosure,  by deed-in-lieu of                foreclosure  or deemed  in-substance  foreclosure or any material                decrease in retained earnings or total assets of the Bank nor has                the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank issued any  securities  (other                than in  connection  with the  incorporation  of the  Company) or                incurred any liability or obligation for borrowing  other than in                the ordinary  course of  business;  (iii) there have not been any                material transactions entered into by the Company, the MHC or the                Bank; (iv) there has not been any material  adverse change in the                aggregate   dollar   amount  of  the  Bank's   deposits   or  its                consolidated  net worth;  (v) there has been no material  adverse                change in the  Company's,  the MHC's or the  Bank's  relationship                with  its  insurance  carriers,  including,  without  limitation,                cancellation or other termination of the Company's, the

                                       10





               MHC's or the Bank's  fidelity bond or any other type of insurance                coverage;  (vi) except as disclosed in the  Prospectus  there has                been no material change in management of the Company,  the MHC or                the Bank, neither of which has any material undisclosed liability                of any kind, contingent or otherwise;  (vii) the Company, the MHC                or the Bank has not sustained  any material loss or  interference                with its  respective  business or  properties  from fire,  flood,                windstorm, earthquake, accident or other calamity, whether or not                covered by insurance;  (viii) the Company, the MHC or the Bank is                not in default in the  payment of  principal  or  interest on any                outstanding   debt   obligations;    (ix)   the   capitalization,                liabilities,  assets, properties and business of the Company, the                MHC  and  the  Bank  conform  in  all  material  respects  to the                descriptions thereof contained in the Prospectus; and (x) neither                the  Company,  the MHC nor the Bank has any  material  contingent                liabilities, except as set forth in the Prospectus. All documents                made  available  to or  delivered  or to be made  available to or                delivered  by  the  Bank,   the  MHC  or  the  Company  or  their                representatives  in connection  with the issuance and sale of the                Shares,  including  records of account  holders,  depositors  and                other  members of the Bank,  or in  connection  with the  Agent's                exercise of due diligence,  except for those documents which were                prepared by parties other than the Bank,  the MHC, the Company or                their representatives, to the best knowledge of the Bank, the MHC                and the Company,  were on the dates on which they were delivered,                or will be on the dates on which they are to be delivered,  true,                complete and correct in all material respects.

          (r)  As of the date  hereof and as of the  Closing  Date,  neither the                Company, the MHC nor the Bank is (i) in violation of its articles                of incorporation or charter or bylaws,  respectively,  or (ii) in                default  in  the   performance  or  observance  of  any  material                obligation,  agreement,  covenant,  or condition contained in any                material  contract,  lease,  loan  agreement,  indenture or other                instrument  to  which  it is a party or by which it or any of its                property may be bound;  the  consummation  of the  Offering,  the                execution,  delivery and  performance  of this  Agreement and the                consummation of the transactions  herein  contemplated  have been                duly and validly authorized by all necessary  corporate action on                the part of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank and this Agreement                has been validly  executed and delivered by the Company,  the MHC                and the Bank and is a valid,  legal and binding  Agreement of the                Company,  the MHC and the Bank enforceable in accordance with its                terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by (i)                bankruptcy,     insolvency,      reorganization,      moratorium,                conservatorship,  receivership  or  other  similar  laws  now  or                hereafter in effect  relating to or affecting the  enforcement of                creditors' rights generally or the rights of creditors of federal                savings institutions,  (ii) general equitable  principles,  (iii)                laws relating to the safety and  soundness of insured  depository                institutions, and (iv) applicable

                                       11

               law or public policy with respect to the  indemnification  and/or                contribution  provisions  contained  herein,  and except  that no                representation  or  warranty  need be made  as to the  effect  or                availability   of  equitable   remedies  or   injunctive   relief                (regardless  of whether such  enforceability  is  considered in a                proceeding  in  equity  or  at  law).  The  consummation  of  the                transactions  herein  contemplated will not: (i) conflict with or                constitute  a breach  of,  or  default  under,  or  result in the                creation of any material lien,  charge or encumbrance upon any of                the assets of the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank  pursuant to the                articles  of  incorporation  of the  Company or the  charter  and                bylaws of the Bank and the MHC, or any material  contract,  lease                or other instrument to which the Company, the MHC or the Bank has                a beneficial interest, or any applicable law, rule, regulation or                order;  (ii)  violate  any  authorization,  approval,  judgement,                decree,  order,  statute,  rule or  regulation  applicable to the                Company,  the MHC or the Bank,  except for such violations  which                would  not  have a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  financial                condition and results of  operations of the Company,  the MHC and                the Bank on a consolidated basis; or (iii) result in the creation                of any material lien,  charge or encumbrance upon any property of                the Company, the MHC or the Bank.

          (s)  No default exists, and no event has occurred which with notice or                lapse of time, or both, would  constitute a default,  on the part                of the Company,  the MHC or the Bank in the due  performance  and                observance of any term,  covenant or condition of any  indenture,                mortgage,  deed of trust,  note, bank loan or credit agreement or                any other  instrument or agreement to which the Company,  the MHC                or the Bank is a party  or by  which  any of them or any of their                property is bound or affected,  except such defaults  which would                not have a material adverse affect on the financial  condition or                results of operations  of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank on a                consolidated basis; such agreements are in full force and effect;                and no other party to any such  agreements  has instituted or, to                the  best  knowledge  of the  Company,  the  MHC  and  the  Bank,                threatened any action or proceeding wherein the Company,  the MHC                or  the  Bank  would  or  might  be  alleged  to  be  in  default





               thereunder.

          (t)  Upon  consummation of the Offering,  the  authorized,  issued and                outstanding  equity  capital  of the  Company  will be within the                range   set   forth  in  the   Prospectus   under   the   caption                "Capitalization,"  and no Shares  have been or will be issued and                outstanding  prior to the Closing Date (other than Shares held by                the MHC);  the Shares will have been duly and validly  authorized                for  issuance  and,  when  issued and  delivered  by the  Company                pursuant  to  the  Plan  against  payment  of  the  consideration                calculated as set forth in the Plan and in the  Prospectus,  will                be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, except                for shares purchased by the ESOP with funds

                                       12

               borrowed from the Company to the extent payment  therefor in cash                has not been  received by the Company;  except to the extent that                subscription   rights  and  priorities   pursuant  thereto  exist                pursuant to the Plan, no preemptive  rights exist with respect to                the  Shares;  and the terms and  provisions  of the  Shares  will                conform  in all  material  respects  to the  description  thereof                contained in the  Registration  Statement and the Prospectus.  To                the best knowledge of the Company, the MHC and the Bank, upon the                issuance  of the  Shares,  good  title  to  the  Shares  will  be                transferred  from the Company to the purchasers  thereof  against                payment  therefor,  subject  to such  claims  as may be  asserted                against the purchasers thereof by third-party claimants.

          (u)  No approval of any  regulatory  or  supervisory  or other  public                authority  is  required  in  connection  with the  execution  and                delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Shares,  except                for the  approval of the  Commission,  the OTS and any  necessary                qualification,  notification, registration or exemption under the                securities  or blue sky laws of the  various  states in which the                Shares are to be offered, and except as may be required under the                rules and regulations of the NASD.

          (v)  The Accounting & Consulting Group L.L.P.  which has certified the                consolidated  audited  financial  statements and schedules of the                Bank included in the Prospectus, has advised the Company, the MHC                and the Bank in  writing  that  they  are,  with  respect  to the                Company,  the MHC and the Bank,  independent  public  accountants                within  the  meaning  of the Code of  Professional  Ethics of the                American  Institute of Certified Public  Accountants and Title 12                of the Code of Federal Regulations and Section 571.2(c)(3).

          (w)  RP  Financial  LC, which has  prepared  the  Valuation  Appraisal                Report as of December ___, 1999 (as amended or  supplemented,  if                so amended or supplemented)  (the  "Appraisal"),  has advised the                Company in writing that it is independent of the Company, the MHC                and the Bank within the meaning of the MHC Regulations.

          (x)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank have timely filed all required                federal,  state and local tax returns;  the Company,  the MHC and                the Bank have paid all taxes that have  become due and payable in                respect of such returns,  except where  permitted to be extended,                have made adequate  reserves for similar  future tax  liabilities                and no deficiency  has been asserted with respect  thereto by any                taxing authority.

          (y)  The  Bank is in  compliance  in all  material  respects  with the                applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of                the Currency and

                                       13

               Foreign  Transactions  Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the                regulations and rules thereunder.

          (z)  To the  knowledge of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank,  neither                the Company,  the MHC, the Bank nor employees of the Company, the                MHC or the Bank have made any  payment  of funds of the MHC,  the                Company or the Bank as a loan for the  purchase  of the Shares or                made any other  payment of funds  prohibited by law, and no funds                have been set aside to be used for any payment prohibited by law.

          (aa) Prior to the Offering,  neither the Company, the MHC nor the Bank                has: (i) issued any securities  within the last 18 months (except                for notes to  evidence  other bank loans and  reverse  repurchase                agreements  or  other  liabilities  in  the  ordinary  course  of                business or as  described in the  Prospectus,  and except for any                shares  issued  in  connection  with  the  incorporation  of  the                Company);  (ii) had any  material  dealings  within the 12 months                prior to the date  hereof  with any  member of the  NASD,  or any                person  related to or  associated  with such  member,  other than                discussions  and meetings  relating to the proposed  Offering and                routine  purchases  and sales of  United  States  government  and





               agency  securities;  (iii) entered into a financial or management                consulting agreement except as contemplated  hereunder;  and (iv)                engaged any intermediary  between the Agent and the Company,  the                MHC and the Bank in  connection  with the offering of the Shares,                and no  person  is  being  compensated  in any  manner  for  such                service.  Appropriate arrangements have been made for placing the                funds  received  from  subscriptions  for  Shares  in  a  special                interest-bearing  account with the Bank until all Shares are sold                and paid for, with  provision for refund to the purchasers in the                event that the Offering is not completed  for whatever  reason or                for delivery to the Company if all Shares are sold.

          (bb) The Company,  the MHC and the Bank have not relied upon the Agent                or its legal  counsel or other  advisors  for any  legal,  tax or                accounting advice in connection with the Offering.

          (cc) The Company is not required to be registered under the Investment                Company Act of 1940, as amended.

          (dd) Any certificates signed by an officer of the Company,  the MHC or                the  Bank  pursuant  to the  conditions  of  this  Agreement  and                delivered  to the  Agent or their  counsel  that  refers  to this                Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation  and warranty by                the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank to the Agent as to the matters                covered  thereby  with the same effect as if such  representation                and warranty were set forth herein.

                                       14

         Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Agent.

         The Agent represents and warrants to the Company,  the MHC and the Bank that:

               (i) it is a corporation and is validly  existing in good standing           under the laws of the State of Ohio and  licensed to conduct  business           in the  State of Ohio  and it has the  full  power  and  authority  to           provide the  services  to be  furnished  to the Bank,  the MHC and the           Company hereunder.

               (ii)  The  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  and the           consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby have been duly           and  validly  authorized  by all  necessary  action on the part of the           Agent,  and this  Agreement  has been duly and  validly  executed  and           delivered by the Agent and is a legal,  valid and binding agreement of           the Agent, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

               (iii)   Each  of  the  Agent  and  its   employees,   agents  and           representatives  who shall perform any of the services hereunder shall           be duly  authorized  and  empowered,  and  shall  have  all  licenses,           approvals and permits necessary to perform such services.

               (iv) The execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by the Agent,           the   consummation  of  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  and           compliance  with the terms and  provisions  hereof  will not  conflict           with,  or result  in a breach  of,  any of the  terms,  provisions  or           conditions  of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice           or  lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a  default)  under,  the           articles of incorporation of the Agent or any agreement,  indenture or           other  instrument  to which the Agent is a party or by which it or its           property is bound.

               (v) No approval of any  regulatory or supervisory or other public           authority is required in  connection  with the Agent's  execution  and           delivery of this Agreement, except as may have been received.

               (vi) There is no suit or proceeding or charge or action before or           by any court, regulatory authority or government agency or body or, to           the  knowledge  of the  Agent,  pending  or  threatened,  which  might           materially adversely affect the Agent's performance of this Agreement.

         Section  5.l  Covenants  of the  Company,  the MHC and  the  Bank.  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank hereby  jointly and  severally  covenant with the Agent as follows:

          (a)  The Company will not, at any time after the date the Registration                Statement is declared effective, file any amendment or supplement                to the Registration Statement without providing the Agent and its                counsel an opportunity to

                                       15

               review such  amendment  or  supplement  or file any  amendment or                supplement  to which  amendment  or  supplement  the Agent or its                counsel shall reasonably object.

          (b)  The MHC and Bank will not, at any time after the MHC  Application                is approved by the OTS,  file any amendment or supplement to such





               MHC  Application  without  providing the Agent and its counsel an                opportunity  to review such  amendment or  supplement or file any                amendment or  supplement  to which  amendment or  supplement  the                Agent or its counsel shall reasonably object.

          (c)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank will use their best efforts to                cause any post-effective  amendment to the Registration Statement                to be declared effective by the Commission and any post-effective                amendment  to the MHC  Application  to be approved by the OTS and                will immediately  upon receipt of any information  concerning the                events listed below notify the Agent:  (i) when the  Registration                Statement,  as amended,  has become effective;  (ii) when the MHC                Application,  as amended has been approved by the OTS;  (iii) any                comments from the Commission,  the OTS or any other  governmental                entity  with  respect  to  the   Offering  or  the   transactions                contemplated  by  this  Agreement;  (iv)  of the  request  by the                Commission,  the OTS or any  other  governmental  entity  for any                amendment or supplement to the  Registration  Statement,  the MHC                Application or for additional information; (v) of the issuance by                the Commission,  the OTS or any other governmental  entity of any                order or other action  suspending  the Offering or the use of the                Registration  Statement or the  Prospectus or any other filing of                the Company,  the MHC or the Bank under the MHC  Regulations,  or                other applicable law, or the threat of any such action;  (vi) the                issuance by the Commission,  the OTS or any authority of any stop                order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration  Statement                or of the  initiation  or threat of  initiation  or threat of any                proceedings  for that purpose;  or (vii) of the occurrence of any                event mentioned in paragraph (g) below. The Company,  the MHC and                the Bank will make every  reasonable  effort  (i) to prevent  the                issuance by the Commission, the OTS or any state authority of any                such  order and,  if any such order  shall at any time be issued,                (ii) to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible time.

          (d)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank will deliver to the Agent and                to its counsel two conformed copies of the Registration Statement                and  the  MHC  Application,  as  originally  filed  and  of  each                amendment or supplement thereto, including all exhibits. Further,                the Company,  the MHC and the Bank will  deliver such  additional                copies of the foregoing  documents to counsel to the Agent as may                be required for any NASD and "blue sky" filings.

                                       16

          (e)  The Company, the MHC and the Bank will furnish to the Agent, from                time to time during the period when the  Prospectus (or any later                prospectus  related to this offering) is required to be delivered                under the 1933 Act or the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 (the                "1934 Act"), such number of copies of such Prospectus (as amended                or  supplemented)  as the Agent may  reasonably  request  for the                purposes  contemplated by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations,                the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations  promulgated  under the                1934 Act (the "1934 Act Regulations"). The Company authorizes the                Agent to use the  Prospectus  (as  amended  or  supplemented,  if                amended or supplemented) in any lawful manner contemplated by the                Plan in connection with the sale of the Shares by the Agent.

          (f)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank will  comply with any and all                material  terms,  conditions,  requirements  and provisions  with                respect  to  the  Offering,  and  the  transactions  contemplated                thereby,   imposed  by  the  Commission,   the  OTS  or  the  MHC                Regulations,  and by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations,  the                1934 Act and the 1934 Act  Regulations  to be complied with prior                to or subsequent  to the Closing Date and when the  Prospectus is                required  to be  delivered,  and  during  such  time  period  the                Company,  the MHC and the Bank will comply, at their own expense,                with  all  material   requirements   imposed  upon  them  by  the                Commission, the OTS or the MHC Regulations,  and by the 1933 Act,                the  1933  Act  Regulations,  the  1934  Act  and  the  1934  Act                Regulations,  including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 under the                1934 Act,  in each case as from time to time in force,  so far as                necessary  to permit the  continuance  of sales or dealing in the                Common Stock during such period in accordance with the provisions                hereof and the Prospectus.

          (g)  If, at any time during the period when the Prospectus relating to                the Shares is required to be delivered,  any event relating to or                affecting  the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank shall  occur,  as a                result of which it is necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of                counsel  for  the  Company,  the  MHC  and  the  Bank  or in  the                reasonable opinion of the Agent's counsel, to amend or supplement                the  Registration  Statement or  Prospectus  in order to make the                Registration  Statement or Prospectus  not misleading in light of                the  circumstances   existing  at  the  time  the  Prospectus  is                delivered to a purchaser,  the Company, the MHC and the Bank will                immediately  so inform the Agent and prepare  and file,  at their                own expense,  with the  Commission and the OTS and furnish to the                Agent a reasonable number of copies of an amendment or amendments                of, or a supplement or supplements to, the Registration Statement                or Prospectus (in form and substance  reasonably  satisfactory to                the Agent and its  counsel  after a  reasonable  time for review)                which will amend or  supplement  the  Registration  Statement  or





               Prospectus so that as amended

                                       17

               or  supplemented  it will not  contain an untrue  statement  of a                material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order                to make the  statements  therein,  in light of the  circumstances                existing at the time the  Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser,                not misleading.  For the purpose of this Agreement,  the Company,                the MHC and the Bank each will  timely  furnish to the Agent such                information  with respect to itself as the Agent may from time to                time reasonably request.

          (h)  The  Company,  the MHC and  the  Bank  will  take  all  necessary                actions,  in cooperating  with the Agent, and furnish to whomever                the Agent may  direct,  such  information  as may be  required to                qualify  or  register  the Shares  for  offering  and sale by the                Company or to exempt such Shares from registration,  or to exempt                the Company as a  broker-dealer  and its officers,  directors and                employees  as  broker-dealers  or  agents  under  the  applicable                securities  or blue sky laws of such  jurisdictions  in which the                Shares are required  under the MHC  Regulations  to be sold or as                the Agent and the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank may  reasonably                agree upon;  provided,  however,  that the  Company  shall not be                obligated to file any general  consent to service of process,  to                qualify to do business in any  jurisdiction in which it is not so                qualified,  or to register its  directors or officers as brokers,                dealers,  salesmen  or  agents  in  any  jurisdiction.   In  each                jurisdiction where any of the Shares shall have been qualified or                registered as above provided, the Company will make and file such                statements  and  reports in each  fiscal  period as are or may be                required by the laws of such jurisdiction.

          (i)  The  Company,  the MHC and  the  Bank  will  not  sell or  issue,                contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, for a period of 90 days                after  the  Closing  Date,  without  the  Agent's  prior  written                consent,  any Common Stock other than the Shares or other than in                connection  with  any  plan  or  arrangement   described  in  the                Prospectus, including existing stock benefit plans.

          (j)  The Company  shall  register its Common Stock under Section 12(g)                of the 1934 Act on or prior to the Closing  Date  pursuant to the                Plan and shall request that such  registration be effective prior                to or upon completion of the Offering. The Company shall maintain                the  effectiveness  of such  registration for not less than three                years or such shorter period as may be required by the OTS.

          (k)  During the period  during  which the  Company's  Common  Stock is                registered  under the 1934 Act or for  three  (3) years  from the                date  hereof,  whichever  period is  greater,  the  Company  will                furnish to its shareholders as soon as practicable  after the end                of each fiscal year an annual report of the Company  (including a                consolidated balance sheet and statements of consolidated

                                       18

               income,  shareholders'  equity and cash flows of the  Company and                its subsidiaries as at the end of and for such year, certified by                independent  public accountants in accordance with Regulation S-X                under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act).

          (l)  During  the  period  of three  years  from the date  hereof,  the                Company  will  furnish to the Agent:  (i) as soon as  practicable                after such  information  is  publicly  available,  a copy of each                report of the Company  furnished to or filed with the  Commission                under the 1934 Act or any national  securities exchange or system                on which  any class of  securities  of the  Company  is listed or                quoted  (including,  but not limited  to,  reports on Forms 10-K,                10-Q and 8-K and all  proxy  statements  and  annual  reports  to                stockholders),  (ii) a copy of each other non-confidential report                of the  Company  mailed  to its  stockholders  or filed  with the                Commission,  the  OTS  or any  other  supervisory  or  regulatory                authority or any national  securities exchange or system on which                any class of securities of the Company is listed or quoted,  each                press  release and material news items and  additional  documents                and information  with respect to the Company,  MHC or the Bank as                the Agent may  reasonably  request;  and (iii) from time to time,                such other  nonconfidential  information  concerning the Company,                the MHC or the Bank as the Agent may reasonably request.

          (m)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank will use the net proceeds from                the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the  Prospectus                under the caption "Use of Proceeds."

          (n)  Other than as permitted  by the MHC  Regulations,  the HOLA,  the                1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations,  and the laws of any state in                which the Shares are  registered  or qualified for sale or exempt                from registration, neither the Company, the MHC nor the Bank will





               distribute any  prospectus,  offering  circular or other offering                material in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares.

          (o)  The Company will use its best efforts to (i) encourage and assist                a market maker to establish  and maintain a market for the Shares                and (ii) list and maintain  quotation of the Shares on a national                or regional  securities  exchange or on the Nasdaq  Stock  Market                ("Nasdaq") effective on or prior to the Closing Date.

          (p)  The Bank will maintain  appropriate  arrangements  for depositing                all funds  received  from persons  mailing  subscriptions  for or                orders to purchase Shares in the Offering on an  interest-bearing                basis at the rate described in the  Prospectus  until the Closing                Date and satisfaction of all conditions  precedent to the release                of the Bank's obligation to refund payments received from

                                       19

               persons  subscribing  for or ordering  Shares in the  Offering in                accordance  with the Plan and as described in the  Prospectus  or                until  refunds  of such  funds  have  been  made  to the  persons                entitled  thereto  or  withdrawal   authorizations   canceled  in                accordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus.  The                Bank will maintain  such records of all funds  received to permit                the funds of each subscriber to be separately insured by the FDIC                (to the maximum extent  allowable) and to enable the Bank to make                the  appropriate  refunds  of such  funds in the event  that such                refunds are required to be made in  accordance  with the Plan and                as described in the Prospectus.

          (q)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank will take  such  actions  and                furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agent                in order  for the  Agent to  ensure  compliance  with the  NASD's                "Interpretation Relating to Free Riding and Withholding."

          (r)  Neither  the  Company,  the MHC nor the Bank will  amend the Plan                without notifying the Agent prior thereto.

          (s)  The Company shall assist the Agent,  if necessary,  in connection                with  the   allocation   of  the   Shares  in  the  event  of  an                oversubscription and shall provide the Agent with any information                necessary to assist the Company in allocating  the Shares in such                event and such information  shall be accurate and reliable in all                material respects.

          (t)  Prior to the Closing Date, the Company, the MHC and the Bank will                inform  the  Agent of any event or  circumstances  of which it is                aware as a result  of which  the  Registration  Statement  and/or                Prospectus,  as then amended or  supplemented,  would  contain an                untrue  statement of a material  fact or omit to state a material                fact  necessary  in  order  to make the  statements  therein  not                misleading.

          (u)  Subsequent  to the date the  Registration  Statement  is declared                effective by the Commission and prior to the Closing Date, except                as  otherwise  may be indicated  or  contemplated  therein or set                forth in an amendment or supplement thereto, neither the Company,                the MHC nor the Bank will  have:  (i) issued  any  securities  or                incurred any liability or obligation,  direct or contingent,  for                borrowed  money,  except  borrowings  from  the  same or  similar                sources indicated in the Prospectus in the ordinary course of its                business,  or (ii) entered into any transaction which is material                in light of the  business and  properties  of the Company and the                Bank, taken as a whole.

          (v)  The facts and  representations  provided  to Luse  Lehman  Gorman                Pomerenk & Schick by the Bank,  the MHC and the  Company and upon                which Luse

                                       20

               Lehman  Gorman  Pomerenk  & Schick  will base its  opinion  under                Section 7(c)(1) are and will be truthful, accurate and complete.

         Section  6.  Payment  of  Expenses.  Whether  or not  the  Offering  is completed or the sale of the Shares by the Company is consummated,  the Company, the MHC and the Bank jointly and  severally  agree to pay or reimburse the Agent for the Company, the MHC and the Bank have agreed to reimburse the Agent for its out-of-pocket  expenses,  and its legal fees (as  specified in Section 2) and to indemnify the Agent against  certain claims or  liabilities,  including  certain liabilities  under the Securities Act, and will contribute to payments the Agent may be required to make in connection with any such claims or  liabilities;  and the fees set forth under Section 2. In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 708,050  Shares,  the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank shall  promptly reimburse the Agent in accordance with Section 2 hereof.

         Section 7.  Conditions to the Agent's  Obligations.  The obligations of the Agent  hereunder,  as to the Shares to be delivered at the Closing Date, are





subject, to the extent not waived in writing by the Agent, to the condition that all representations  and warranties of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank herein are, at and as of the  commencement of the Offering and at and as of the Closing Date, true and correct in all material respects, the condition that the Company, the MHC and the Bank shall have performed all of their obligations  hereunder to be performed on or before such dates, and to the following further conditions:

          (a)  At the Closing Date, the Company, the MHC and the Bank shall have                conducted  the  Offering in all material  respects in  accordance                with the Plan,  the MHC  Regulations,  and all  other  applicable                laws,  regulations,  decisions  and orders,  including all terms,                conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Offering                imposed upon them by the OTS.

          (b)  The Registration  Statement shall have been declared effective by                the  Commission and the MHC  Application  and MHC Notice shall be                approved  by the OTS not later than 5:30 p.m. on the date of this                Agreement,  or with the Agent's consent at a later time and date;                and  at  the  Closing   Date,  no  stop  order   suspending   the                effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement  shall  have  been                issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings  therefore  initiated or                threatened by the Commission or any state authority, and no order                or other action suspending the authorization of the Prospectus or                the  consummation  of the  Conversion  shall have been  issued or                proceedings  therefore initiated or, to the Company's,  the MHC's                or the Bank's knowledge,  threatened by the Commission,  the OTS,                the FDIC, or any state authority.

          (c)  At the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received:

                                       21

               (1) The  favorable  opinion,  dated  as of the  Closing  Date and                addressed to the Agent and for its benefit, of Luse Lehman Gorman                Pomerenk & Schick,  special counsel for the Company,  the MHC and                the Bank, in form and substance to the effect that:

                    (i) The  Company has been duly  incorporated  and is validly                existing as a corporation under the laws of the United States.

                    (ii) The Company has  corporate  power and authority to own,                lease and operate its  properties  and to conduct its business as                described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

                    (iii) The Bank has been organized and is a validly  existing                federally chartered savings and loan association in capital stock                form of organization,  authorized to conduct its business and own                its property as described in the  Registration  Statement and the                Prospectus. All of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank upon                completion  of the Offering  will be duly  authorized  and,  upon                payment  therefor,   will  be  validly  issued,  fully  paid  and                non-assessable  and will be owned by the Company,  free and clear                of any liens, encumbrances, claims or other restrictions.

                    (iv) The Bank is a member of the  FHLB-Dallas.  The  deposit                accounts  of the Bank are  insured by the FDIC up to the  maximum                amount allowed under law and no proceedings  for the  termination                or revocation of such insurance are pending or, to such counsel's                Actual Knowledge, threatened; to the extent that such information                constitutes  matters  of law  and  legal  conclusions,  has  been                reviewed  by such  counsel  and is  accurately  described  in all                material respects.

                    (v) The MHC has been duly organized and is validly  existing                as a federally chartered mutual holding company,  duly authorized                to conduct its  business and own its  properties  as described in                the Registration Statement and Prospectus.

                    (vi) Upon  consummation  of the Offering,  immediately  upon                completion  thereof  subject to  compliance  with all  conditions                imposed by the OTS under the terms of the OTS' approval order, in                an amount as described in the Prospectus, the authorized,  issued                and  outstanding  capital stock of the Company will be within the                range   set   forth  in  the   Prospectus   under   the   caption                "Capitalization,"  and no shares of Common Stock have been issued                prior  to the  Closing  Date;  at the time of the  Offering,  the                Shares  subscribed  for pursuant to the  Offering  will have been                duly and validly  authorized  for  issuance,  and when issued and                delivered by the Company  pursuant to the Plan against payment of                the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plan and

                                       22

               Prospectus,  will be duly and  validly  issued and fully paid and                non-assessable;  the  issuance  of the  Shares is not  subject to                preemptive  rights  and the terms and  provisions  of the  Shares                conform  in all  material  respects  to the  description  thereof





               contained in the Prospectus.  To such counsel's Actual Knowledge,                upon the issuance of the Shares, good title to the Shares will be                transferred  by the  Company to the  purchasers  thereof  against                payment  therefor,  subject  to such  claims  as may be  asserted                against the purchasers thereof by third-party claimants.

                    (vii) The execution  and delivery of this  Agreement and the                consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, have been                duly and validly  authorized by all necessary  action on the part                of the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank;  and this  Agreement is a                valid and  binding  obligation  of the  Company,  the MHC and the                Bank,  enforceable  in accordance  with its terms,  except as the                enforceability   thereof  may  be  limited  by  (i)   bankruptcy,                insolvency,    reorganization,    moratorium,    conservatorship,                receivership  or other  similar  laws now or  hereafter in effect                relating to or affecting the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights                generally or the rights of creditors of savings institutions, the                deposits  of which  are  insured  by the FDIC and  their  holding                companies, (ii) general equitable principles, (iii) laws relating                to the safety and  soundness of insured  depository  institutions                and their holding  companies,  and (iv)  applicable law or public                policy with respect to the  indemnification  and/or  contribution                provisions  contained herein,  including  without  limitation the                provisions of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and                except  that no  opinion  need be  expressed  as to the effect or                availability   of  equitable   remedies  or   injunctive   relief                (regardless  of whether such  enforceability  is  considered in a                proceeding in equity or at law).

                    (viii) The MHC  Application has been approved by the OTS and                the  Prospectus  has been  authorized  for use by the OTS, and no                action has been taken,  and to such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge                none is pending or threatened,  to revoke any such  authorization                or approval.

                    (ix) The Plan has been duly adopted by the required  vote of                the  directors  of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank,  and based                upon the certificate of the inspector of election, by the members                of the Bank.

                    (x) Subject to the  satisfaction  of the  conditions  to the                OTS' approval of the Offering, no further approval, registration,                authorization,  consent or other order of any federal  regulatory                agency is required in connection  with the execution and delivery                of  this   Agreement,   the   issuance  of  the  Shares  and  the                consummation of the Offering, except as may be required under the                securities or blue sky laws of various jurisdictions (as to which                no opinion need be

                                       23

               rendered)  and  except  as may be  required  under  the rules and                regulations  of the NASD  and/or the NYSE (as to which no opinion                need  be  rendered).  To such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  the                Offering  has  been  consummated  in  all  material  respects  in                accordance  with  MHC  Regulations,  except  that no  opinion  is                rendered  with  respect  to (a)  the  Registration  Statement  or                Prospectus,  which are covered by other  clauses of this opinion,                (b) the satisfaction of the  post-Offering  conditions in the OTS                Regulations or in the OTS approvals of the MHC  Application,  (c)                the securities or "blue sky" laws of various  jurisdictions,  and                (d) the rules and regulations of the NASD.

                    (xi) The Registration  Statement is effective under the 1933                Act,  and no stop order  suspending  the  effectiveness  has been                issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings  therefor  initiated or,                to such counsel's Actual Knowledge, threatened by the Commission.

                    (xii)  At  the  time  the  MHC  Application,  including  the                Prospectus  contained  therein,  was approved by the OTS, the MHC                Application, including the Prospectus contained therein, complied                as to form in all material  respects with the requirements of the                MHC  Regulations,  federal  law  and  all  applicable  rules  and                regulations  promulgated  thereunder  (other  than the  financial                statements,  the notes  thereto,  and other  tabular,  financial,                statistical and appraisal data included  therein,  as to which no                opinion need be rendered).

                    (xiii) At the time that the  Registration  Statement  became                effective,   (i)  the  Registration   Statement  (as  amended  or                supplemented,  if so amended  or  supplemented)  (other  than the                financial  statements,  the notes  thereto,  and  other  tabular,                financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to                which no opinion  need be  rendered),  complied as to form in all                material  respects with the  requirements of the 1933 Act and the                1933 Act  Regulations,  and (ii) the  Prospectus  (other than the                financial  statements,  the notes  thereto,  and  other  tabular,                financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to                which no opinion  need be  rendered)  complied  as to form in all                material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1933                Act Regulations, the MHC Regulations and federal law.





                    (xiv) The terms and  provisions of the Shares of the Company                conform,  in all material  respects,  to the description  thereof                contained in the Registration  Statement and Prospectus,  and the                form of  certificate  used to  evidence  the Shares is in due and                proper form.

                    (xv) There are no legal or governmental  proceedings pending                or  threatened   which  are  required  to  be  disclosed  in  the                Registration Statement and Prospectus, other than those disclosed                therein, and to such counsel's

                                       24

               Actual Knowledge,  all pending legal and governmental proceedings                to which the Company,  the MHC or the Bank is a party or of which                any of their property is the subject,  which are not described in                the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, including ordinary                routine litigation incidental to the Company's,  the MHC's or the                Bank's business, are, considered in the aggregate, not material.

                    (xvi)  To such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  there  are no                material  contracts,  indentures,   mortgages,  loan  agreements,                notes,  leases or other  instruments  required to be described or                referred to in the MHC Application, the Registration Statement or                the Prospectus or required to be filed as exhibits  thereto other                than those  described or referred to therein or filed as exhibits                thereto in the MHC Application, the Registration Statement or the                Prospectus.   The  description  in  the  MHC   Application,   the                Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus of such documents and                exhibits is accurate in all material respects and fairly presents                the information required to be shown.

                    (xvii) To such counsel's Actual Knowledge,  the Company, the                MHC and the Bank have  conducted  the  Offering,  in all material                respects,  in accordance with all applicable  requirements of the                Plan and  applicable  federal  law,  except  that no  opinion  is                rendered   with   respect  to  (a)  the  MHC   Application,   the                Registration Statement or Prospectus,  which are covered by other                clauses   of  this   opinion,   (b)  the   satisfaction   of  the                post-Offering  conditions  in the OTS  Regulations  or in the OTS                approval of the MHC Application, (c) the securities or "blue sky"                laws of various jurisdictions,  and (d) the rules and regulations                of the NASD. The Plan complies in all material  respects with all                applicable federal laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders                including, but not limited to, the MHC Regulations;  no order has                been issued by the OTS, the  Commission,  the FDIC,  or any state                authority to suspend the  Offering or the use of the  Prospectus,                and no action for such purposes has been  instituted  or, to such                counsel's   Actual   Knowledge,   threatened   by  the  OTS,  the                Commission,  the FDIC,  or any state  authority and no person has                sought  to  obtain  regulatory  or  judicial  review of the final                action of the OTS, approving the Plan, the MHC Application or the                Prospectus.

                    (xviii) To such counsel's Actual Knowledge, the Company, the                MHC and the Bank have obtained all material licenses, permits and                other  governmental  authorizations  currently  required  for the                conduct of their  businesses and all such  licenses,  permits and                other  governmental  authorizations are in full force and effect,                and  the  Company,  the  MHC and  the  Bank  are in all  material                respects  complying  therewith,  except where the failure to have                such licenses,  permits and other governmental  authorizations or                the  failure  to be in  compliance  therewith  would  not  have a                material adverse effect on the

                                       25

               business  or  operations  of the Bank,  the MHC and the  Company,                taken as a whole.

                    (xix)  To  such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  neither  the                Company,  the MHC nor the Bank is in violation of its articles of                incorporation   and  bylaws  or  its  Charter   and  bylaws,   as                appropriate or, to such counsel's Actual Knowledge, in default or                violation  of any  obligation,  agreement,  covenant or condition                contained in any contract,  indenture,  mortgage, loan agreement,                note,  lease  or  other  instrument  to which it is a party or by                which it or its property may be bound,  except for such  defaults                or violations  which would not have a material  adverse impact on                the financial  condition or results of operations of the Company,                the MHC and the Bank on a consolidated  basis;  to such counsel's                Actual  Knowledge,  the execution and delivery of this Agreement,                the  occurrence  of the  obligations  herein  set  forth  and the                consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  herein will not                conflict  with or  constitute a breach of, or default  under,  or                result in the  creation  or  imposition  of any  lien,  charge or                encumbrance  upon any property or assets of the Company,  the MHC                or  the  Bank  pursuant  to  any  material  contract,  indenture,





               mortgage,  loan  agreement,  note,  lease or other  instrument to                which the Company, the MHC or the Bank is a party or by which any                of them may be bound,  or to which any of the  property or assets                of the Company, the MHC or the Bank are subject; and, such action                will  not  result  in  any  violation  of the  provisions  of the                certificate  of  incorporation  or bylaws of the  Company  or the                Charter  or bylaws  of the MHC or the Bank or, to such  counsel's                Actual  Knowledge,  result  in any  violation  of any  applicable                federal law, act, regulation (except that no opinion with respect                to the securities and blue sky laws of various  jurisdictions  or                the rules or  regulations  of the NASD need be rendered) or order                or court order, writ, injunction or decree.

                    (xx) The  Company's  articles  of  incorporation  and bylaws                comply in all material  respects with the regulations of the OTS.                The Bank's and MHC's  charter and bylaws  comply in all  material                respects with the rules and regulations of the OTS.

                    (xxi)  To  such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  neither  the                Company,  the MHC nor the Bank is in violation  of any  directive                from  the OTS or the  FDIC to make  any  material  change  in the                method of conducting its respective business.

                    (xxii) The information in the Prospectus  under the captions                "Regulation," "The Stock Offering,"  "Restrictions on Acquisition                of  the  Alamogordo   Financial  and   Alamogordo   Federal"  and                "Description  of Capital Stock of the  Alamogordo  Financial," to                the extent that such information constitutes

                                       26

               matters  of  law,  summaries  of  legal  matters,   documents  or                proceedings,  or legal  conclusions,  has been  reviewed  by such                counsel and is correct in all material  respects.  The discussion                of  statutes  or  regulations  described  or  referred  to in the                Prospectus   are  accurate   summaries  and  fairly  present  the                information   required  to  be  shown.  The  information  in  the                Prospectus relating to the tax consequences of the stock offering                has been  reviewed  by such  counsel  and  fairly  describes  the                opinions  rendered  by Luse Lehman  Gorman  Pomerenk & Schick and                _____________________  to the Company,  the MHC and the Bank with                respect to such matters.

                    (xxiii) The  Company  and the MHC have been duly  registered                and are in good  standing as savings and loan  holding  companies                under the HOLA.

                    (xxiv) In addition, such counsel shall state that during the                preparation of the MHC Application,  the  Registration  Statement                and the Prospectus, they participated in conferences with certain                officers of, the independent public and internal accountants for,                and other  representatives of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank,                at which  conferences  the contents of the MHC  Application,  the                Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus  and related  matters                were  discussed  and,  while such counsel have not  confirmed the                accuracy or completeness of or otherwise verified the information                contained in the MHC Application,  the Registration  Statement or                the  Prospectus,  and do not assume any  responsibility  for such                information,   based  upon  such  conferences  and  a  review  of                documents deemed relevant for the purpose of rendering their view                (relying as to materiality as to factual  matters on certificates                of officers and other factual representations by the Company, the                MHC and the Bank), nothing has come to their attention that would                lead them to believe that the MHC  Application,  the Registration                Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto                (other than the  financial  statements,  the notes  thereto,  and                other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included                therein as to which no view need be rendered) contained an untrue                statement of a material  fact or omitted to state a material fact                required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements                therein,  in light of the  circumstances  under  which  they were                made, not misleading.

         In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely as to all matters of fact on  certificates  of officers or directors of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank and certificates of public officials. The opinion of Luse Lehman Gorman Pomerenk & Schick  shall be  governed  by the  Legal  Opinion  Accord  ("Accord")  of the American  Bar  Association  Section of  Business  Law (1991).  The term  "Actual Knowledge"  as used herein  shall have the meaning set forth in the Accord.  For purposes of such opinion, no proceedings shall be deemed to be pending, no order or stop order shall be deemed to be issued,  and no action shall be deemed to be instituted unless, in each case, a director or executive officer of the Company, the MHC or the Bank shall have received a copy of such

                                       27

proceedings,  order,  stop order or action.  In  addition,  such  opinion may be limited to present  statutes,  regulations and judicial  interpretations  and to





facts as they  presently  exist;  in rendering  such opinion,  such counsel need assume no  obligation  to revise or  supplement  it should the  present  laws be changed by legislative or regulatory action, judicial decision or otherwise; and such counsel need express no view, opinion or belief with respect to whether any proposed  or  pending  legislation,  if  enacted,  or any  proposed  or  pending regulations or policy statements issued by any regulatory agency, whether or not promulgated  pursuant to any such legislation,  would affect the validity of the Offering or any aspect  thereof.  Such counsel may assume that any  agreement is the valid and binding obligation of any parties to such agreement other than the Company, the MHC or the Bank.

         The  favorable  opinion,  dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the  Agent and for their  benefit,  of the  Bank's  local  counsel,  in form and substance to the effect that, to the best of such counsel's  knowledge,  (i) the Company,  the MHC and the Bank have good and marketable  title to all properties and assets which are  material to the  business of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank and to those properties and assets described in the Registration  Statement and  Prospectus,  as owned  by them,  free  and  clear  of all  liens,  charges, encumbrances or  restrictions,  except such as are described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, or are not material in relation to the business of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank  considered  as one  enterprise;  (ii) all of the leases and  subleases  material to the business of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank under which the Company, the MHC and the Bank hold properties, as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus,  are in full force and effect; and (iii) the Bank is duly qualified as a foreign  corporation to transact  business and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or  leasing  of  property  or  the  conduct  of  its  business   requires   such qualification,  unless  the  failure to be so  qualified  in one or more of such jurisdictions  would  not  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  condition, financial or otherwise, or the business, operations or income of the Bank.

          (d)  At the Closing Date,  the Agent shall have received the favorable                opinion,  dated as of the  Closing  Date,  of Silver,  Freedman &                Taff, L.L.P.,  the Agent's counsel,  with respect to such matters                as the Agent may reasonably  require.  Such opinion may rely upon                the opinions of counsel to the Company, the MHC and the Bank, and                as  to  matters  of  fact,  upon  certificates  of  officers  and                directors of the Company, the MHC and the Bank delivered pursuant                hereto or as such counsel shall reasonably request.

          (e)  At the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive a certificate of the                Chief  Executive  Officer  and  the  Principal  Financial  and/or                Accounting  Officer of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank in form                and substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to the Agent's  Counsel,                dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that:  (i) they have                carefully  reviewed the Prospectus and, in their opinion,  at the                time  the  Prospectus   became  authorized  for  final  use,  the                Prospectus  did not  contain any untrue  statement  of a material                fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary in order to make                the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which                they were made, not misleading; (ii) since

                                       28

               the date the Prospectus became authorized for final use, no event                has occurred  which should have been set forth in an amendment or                supplement  to the  Prospectus  which has not been so set  forth,                including  specifically,  but without  limitation,  any  material                adverse  change in the condition,  financial or otherwise,  or in                the earnings, capital, properties or business of the Company, the                MHC or the Bank,  and the  conditions set forth in this Section 7                have been satisfied; (iii) since the respective dates as of which                information  is  given  in the  Registration  Statement  and  the                Prospectus,  there  has been no  material  adverse  change in the                condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital or                properties of the Company, the MHC or the Bank, independently, or                of  the  Company,  the  MHC  and  the  Bank,  considered  as  one                enterprise,  whether  or not  arising in the  ordinary  course of                business;  (iv) the  representations  and warranties in Section 4                are true and  correct  with the same  force and  effect as though                expressly  made at and as of the Closing  Date;  (v) the Company,                MHC and the Bank have complied in all material  respects with all                agreements  and  satisfied  all  conditions  on their  part to be                performed  or  satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date and will                comply  in all  material  respects  with  all  obligations  to be                satisfied  by  them  after  the  Offering;  (vi)  no  stop  order                suspending the  effectiveness of the  Registration  Statement has                been initiated or, to the best knowledge of the Company,  the MHC                or the Bank, threatened by the Commission or any state authority;                (vii) no order  suspending the Offering or the  effectiveness  of                the  Prospectus  has  been  issued  and no  proceedings  for that                purpose are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, the                MHC or the Bank, threatened by the OTS, the Commission, the FDIC,                or any state  authority;  and (viii) to the best knowledge of the                Company,  the MHC or the  Bank,  no person  has  sought to obtain                review of the final action of the OTS approving the Plan.

          (f)  Prior to and at the Closing Date: (i) in the  reasonable  opinion                of the Agent, there shall have been no material adverse change in                the  condition,  financial  or  otherwise,  or in the earnings or                business of the Company, the MHC or the Bank independently, or of                the Company, the MHC and the Bank,  considered as one enterprise,





               from that as of the latest  dates as of which such  condition  is                set forth in the Prospectus other than  transactions  referred to                or contemplated  therein;  (ii) the Company,  the MHC or the Bank                shall not have  received  from the OTS or the FDIC any  direction                (oral or  written) to make any  material  change in the method of                conducting  their business with which it has not complied  (which                direction,  if any,  shall have been  disclosed  to the Agent) or                which   materially  and  adversely  would  affect  the  business,                operations or financial  condition or income of the Company,  the                MHC and the Bank taken as a whole; (iii) the Company, the MHC and                the Bank shall not have been in default  (nor shall an event have                occurred  which,  with  notice  or lapse  of time or both,  would                constitute a default) under any provision of

                                       29

               any   agreement  or  instrument   relating  to  any   outstanding                indebtedness;  (iv) no action,  suit or proceeding,  at law or in                equity or before or by any federal or state commission,  board or                other  administrative   agency,  shall  be  pending  or,  to  the                knowledge of the Company, the MHC or the Bank, threatened against                the  Company,  the MHC or the  Bank  or  affecting  any of  their                properties  wherein an  unfavorable  decision,  ruling or finding                would materially and adversely  affect the business,  operations,                financial  condition  or income of the  Company,  the MHC and the                Bank taken as a whole;  and (v) the Shares have been qualified or                registered for offering and sale or exempted  therefrom under the                securities  or blue sky laws of the  jurisdictions  as the  Agent                shall have reasonably  requested and as agreed to by the Company,                the MHC and the Bank.

          (g)  Concurrently  with the  execution  of this  Agreement,  the Agent                shall  receive a letter from The  Accounting &  Consulting  Group                L.L.P.  dated as of the date of the  Prospectus  and addressed to                the Agent:  (i) confirming that The Accounting & Consulting Group                L.L.P.  is a firm  of  independent  public  accounts  within  the                meaning  of Rule 101 of the Code of  Professional  Ethics  of the                American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and applicable                regulations  of the OTS and stating in effect that in its opinion                the  consolidated  financial  statements,  schedules  and related                notes of the Bank as of September  30, 1999 and 1998 and for each                of the three years in the period ended September 30, 1998, as are                included in the Prospectus and covered by their opinion  included                therein,  comply  as to form in all  material  respects  with the                applicable  accounting  requirements and related  published rules                and  regulations  of the OTS and the 1933 Act;  (ii)  stating  in                effect that, on the basis of certain agreed upon  procedures (but                not an audit  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing                standards)  consisting  of a  reading  of  the  latest  available                unaudited interim  consolidated  financial statements of the Bank                prepared by the Bank, a reading of the minutes of the meetings of                the Board of Directors and members of the Bank and  consultations                with  officers  of  the  Bank   responsible   for  financial  and                accounting matters,  nothing came to their attention which caused                them to believe  that:  (A) the  unaudited  financial  statements                included in the  Prospectus  are not in conformity  with the 1933                Act, applicable accounting  requirements of the OTS and generally                accepted  accounting  principles applied on a basis substantially                consistent with that of the audited financial statements included                in the Prospectus;  or (b) during the period from the date of the                latest unaudited  consolidated  financial  statements included in                the  Prospectus to a specified  date not more than three business                days  prior to the  date of the  Prospectus,  except  as has been                described   in  the   Prospectus,   there  was  any  increase  in                borrowings, other than normal deposit fluctuations,  by the Bank;                or (c) there was any decrease in the  consolidated  net assets of                the Bank at the date of such letter as compared with amounts

                                       30

               shown in the latest unaudited consolidated statement of condition                included in the  Prospectus;  and (iii) stating that, in addition                to  the  audit  referred  to in  their  opinion  included  in the                Prospectus and the  performance of the procedures  referred to in                clause (ii) of this  subsection  (f), they have compared with the                general  accounting records of the Bank, which are subject to the                internal  controls of the Bank, the  accounting  system and other                data prepared by the Bank, directly from such accounting records,                to the extent  specified  in such  letter,  such  amounts  and/or                percentages  set  forth  in  the  Prospectus  as  the  Agent  may                reasonably request; and they have reported on the results of such                comparisons.

          (h)  At the Closing  Date,  the Agent shall receive a letter dated the                Closing Date,  addressed to the Agent,  confirming the statements                made by The  Accounting & Consulting  Group L.L.P.  in the letter                delivered by it pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 7, the                "specified  date"  referred to in clause (ii) of  subsection  (f)





               thereof to be a date specified in such letter, which shall not be                more than three business days prior to the Closing Date.

          (i)  At the Closing  Date,  the Agent  shall  receive a letter from RP                Financial LC, dated the date thereof and addressed to counsel for                the Agent (i)  confirming  that said firm is  independent  of the                Company,  the MHC and the Bank and is  experienced  and expert in                the area of corporate  appraisals  within the meaning of Title 12                of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section 563b.7(f)(1)(i), (ii)                stating  in  effect  that the  Appraisal  prepared  by such  firm                complies   in  all   material   respects   with  the   applicable                requirements of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations,  and                (iii)  further  stating that their  opinion of the  aggregate pro                forma market value of the Company, the MHC and the Bank expressed                in  their  Appraisal  dated as of  December  __,  1999,  and most                recently updated, remains in effect.

          (j)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank shall not have sustained since                the  date of the  latest  financial  statements  included  in the                Prospectus  any material loss or  interference  with its business                from fire,  explosion,  flood or other  calamity,  whether or not                covered  by  insurance,  or from any  labor  dispute  or court or                governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth                or contemplated in the Registration  Statement and Prospectus and                since the  respective  dates as of which  information is given in                the Registration  Statement and Prospectus,  there shall not have                been any change in the long- term debt of the Company, the MHC or                the Bank other than debt  incurred in relation to the purchase of                Shares  by the  Bank's  Eligible  Plans,  or any  change,  or any                development  involving a prospective  change, in or affecting the                general affairs,  management,  financial position,  stockholders'                equity or  results  of  operations  of the  Company  or the Bank,                otherwise than as set forth or

                                       31

               contemplated in the  Registration  Statement and Prospectus,  the                effect of  which,  in any such case  described  above,  is in the                Agent's reasonable judgment  sufficiently material and adverse as                to make it  impracticable  or  inadvisable  to  proceed  with the                Subscription  Offering or the delivery of the Shares on the terms                and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus.

          (k)  At or prior to the Closing Date, the Agent shall  receive:  (i) a                copy of the letters from the OTS  approving  the MHC  Application                and  authorizing  the use of the  Prospectus;  (ii) a copy of the                order from the Commission  declaring the  Registration  Statement                effective;  (iii)  certificate  of  good  standing  from  the OTS                evidencing  the good standing of the Company;  (iv) a certificate                from the FDIC evidencing the Bank's insurance of accounts;  (v) a                certificate of the FHLB-Dallas  evidencing the Bank's  membership                thereof; (vi) a certificate from the OTS evidencing the Company's                and the MHC's  standing as  registered  savings and loan  holding                companies;  (vii) a copy of the Bank's federal stock charter; and                (viii) a copy of the Company's federal charter; and (viii) a copy                of the MHC's federal charter.

          (l)  Subsequent to the date hereof,  there shall not have occurred any                of the  following:  (i) a suspension  or limitation in trading in                securities  generally  on the New York Stock  Exchange  or in the                over-the-counter  market,  or quotations  halted generally on the                Nasdaq, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed,                or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required by                either  of  such  exchanges  or  the  NASD  or by  order  of  the                Commission or any other  governmental  authority;  (ii) a general                moratorium on the operations of commercial banks, federal savings                institutions  or  a  general  moratorium  on  the  withdrawal  of                deposits from commercial  banks or federal  savings  institutions                declared  by federal  authorities;  (iii) the  engagement  by the                United  States  in   hostilities   which  have  resulted  in  the                declaration, on or after the date hereof, of a national emergency                or war; or (iv) a material decline in the price of equity or debt                securities if the effect of such a declaration or decline, in the                Agent's   reasonable   judgement,   makes  it   impracticable  or                inadvisable  to proceed  with the Offering or the delivery of the                shares  on  the  terms  and  in the  manner  contemplated  in the                Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

          (m)  At or prior to the Closing Date,  counsel to the Agent shall have                been  furnished  with such  documents  and  opinions  as they may                reasonably  require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon                the  sale  of the  Shares  as  herein  contemplated  and  related                proceedings   or  in  order  to  evidence   the   occurrence   or                completeness of any of the representations or warranties,  or the                fulfillment of any of the conditions,  herein contained;  and all                proceedings  taken  by  the  Company,  the  MHC or  the  Bank  in                connection with the Offering and the sale

                                       32





               of the Shares as herein  contemplated  shall be  satisfactory  in                form and substance to the Agent and its counsel.

         Section 8. Indemnification.

          (a)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank jointly and severally agree to                indemnify and hold harmless the Agent,  its  respective  officers                and directors, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who                controls  the Agent  within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933                Act or Section  20(a) of the 1934 Act,  against any and all loss,                liability, claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including but not                limited to settlement expenses), joint or several, that the Agent                or any of them may  suffer  or to which  the  Agent  and any such                persons may become subject under all applicable  federal or state                laws or  otherwise,  and to promptly  reimburse the Agent and any                such  persons  upon  written  demand for any  expense  (including                reasonable  fees and  disbursements  of counsel)  incurred by the                Agent or any of them in connection with investigating,  preparing                or  defending  any  actions,   proceedings  or  claims   (whether                commenced  or  threatened)  to the extent  such  losses,  claims,                damages,  liabilities  or actions:  (i) arise out of or are based                upon any  untrue  statement  or  alleged  untrue  statement  of a                material  fact  contained in the  Registration  Statement (or any                amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus                (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the MHC Application (or                any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  or any  instrument  or                document  executed by the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank or based                upon written information  supplied by the Company, the MHC or the                Bank filed in any state or  jurisdiction  to  register or qualify                any or all of the Shares or to claim an exemption  therefrom,  or                provided to any state or  jurisdiction to exempt the Company as a                broker-dealer  or  its  officers,   directors  and  employees  as                broker-dealers  or  agent,  under  the  securities  laws  thereof                (collectively,  the "Blue  Sky  Application"),  or any  document,                advertisement,    oral   statement   or   communication   ("Sales                Information")  prepared,  made or executed by or on behalf of the                Company,  the MHC or the Bank with  their  consent  or based upon                written  or oral  information  furnished  by or on  behalf of the                Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank,  whether  or  not  filed  in any                jurisdiction,  in order to qualify or  register  the Shares or to                claim an exemption  therefrom  under the securities laws thereof;                (ii)  arise  out of or are based  upon the  omission  or  alleged                omission  to  state  in  any  of  the   foregoing   documents  or                information,  a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or                necessary  to  make  the  statements  therein,  in  light  of the                circumstances  under  which they were made,  not  misleading;  or                (iii) arise from any theory of liability  whatsoever  relating to                or arising from or based upon the Registration  Statement (or any                amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus                (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the MHC Application

                                       33

               (or  any   amendment  or  supplement   thereto),   any  Blue  Sky                Application   or  Sales   Information   or  other   documentation                distributed in connection with the Offering;  provided,  however,                that no  indemnification  is required under this paragraph (a) to                the extent such losses, claims,  damages,  liabilities or actions                arise out of or are based upon any untrue  material  statement or                alleged  untrue  material  statement in, or material  omission or                alleged material  omission from, the  Registration  Statement (or                any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  preliminary  or  final                Prospectus  (or any  amendment or  supplement  thereto),  the MHC                Application  (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  any Blue                Sky Application or Sales Information made in reliance upon and in                conformity with information  furnished in writing to the Company,                the MHC or the Bank by the  Agent or its  counsel  regarding  the                Agent  provided,  that it is agreed and understood  that the only                information  furnished in writing to the Company,  the MHC or the                Bank  by the  Agent  regarding  the  Agent  is set  forth  in the                Prospectus;  and,  provided  further,  that such  indemnification                shall be to the extent  permitted by the  Commissioner,  the OTS,                the FDIC and the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve.  The                indemnification  provided for in this  paragraph (a) shall not be                applicable with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage, or                expense  whatsoever if it is  determined  by final  judgment of a                court  having  jurisdiction  over  the  matter  that  such  loss,                liability, claim, damage or expense was primarily a result of the                Agent's willful misconduct or gross negligence.

          (b)  The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,  the                MHC and the Bank,  their  directors and officers and each person,                if any, who controls the Company,  the MHC or the Bank within the                meaning of  Section  15 of the 1933 Act or  Section  20(a) of the                1934 Act against any and all loss,  liability,  claim,  damage or                expense  whatsoever  (including  but not  limited  to  settlement                expenses),  joint or  several,  which they,  or any of them,  may                suffer or to which they, or any of them may become  subject under                all  applicable  federal  and  state  laws or  otherwise,  and to                promptly  reimburse the Company,  the MHC, the Bank, and any such                persons   upon  written   demand  for  any  expenses   (including





               reasonable fees and  disbursements of counsel)  incurred by them,                or any of them, in connection  with  investigating,  preparing or                defending any actions,  proceedings or claims (whether  commenced                or  threatened)  to the  extent  such  losses,  claims,  damages,                liabilities  or  actions:  (i) arise out of or are based upon any                untrue  statement or alleged untrue  statement of a material fact                contained  in the  Registration  Statement  (or any  amendment or                supplement  thereto),  the MHC  Application  (or any amendment or                supplement thereto),  the preliminary or final Prospectus (or any                amendment or supplement  thereto),  any Blue Sky  Application  or                Sales  Information,  (ii) are based upon the  omission or alleged                omission  to state in any of the  foregoing  documents a material                fact required to be stated therein

                                       34

               or necessary to make the statements  therein, in the light of the                circumstances  under  which they were made,  not  misleading,  or                (iii) arise from any theory of liability  whatsoever  relating to                or arising from or based upon the Registration  Statement (or any                amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus                (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the MHC Application (or                any amendment or supplement  thereto),or any Blue Sky Application                or  Sales  Information  or  other  documentation  distributed  in                connection with the Offering; provided, however, that the Agent's                obligations  under this Section 8(b) shall exist only if and only                to the extent (i) that such untrue  statement  or alleged  untrue                statement was made in, or such material fact or alleged  material                fact  was  omitted  from,  the  Registration  Statement  (or  any                amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  the  preliminary  or  final                Prospectus  (or any  amendment or  supplement  thereto),  the MHC                Application (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or any Blue                Sky  Application  or Sales  Information  in reliance  upon and in                conformity with information  furnished in writing to the Company,                the MHC or the Bank by the  Agent or its  counsel  regarding  the                Agent,  provided,  that it is agreed and understood that the only                information  furnished in writing to the Company,  the MHC or the                Bank  by the  Agent  regarding  the  Agent  is set  forth  in the                Prospectus.  The  indemnification  provided for in this Section 8                (b) shall not be applicable with respect to any loss,  liability,                claim, damage, or expense whatsoever if it is determined by final                judgment of a court having jurisdiction over the matter that such                loss, liability,  claim, damage or expense was primarily a result                of the Company's,  the MHC's or the Bank's willful  misconduct or                gross negligence.

          (c)  Each  indemnified  party shall give prompt written notice to each                indemnifying  party of any  action,  proceeding,  claim  (whether                commenced  or  threatened),  or  suit  instituted  against  it in                respect of which indemnity may be sought  hereunder,  but failure                to so notify an indemnifying  party shall not relieve it from any                liability  which  it may have on  account  of this  Section  8 or                otherwise.  An  indemnifying  party  may  participate  at its own                expense in the  defense of such  action.  In  addition,  if it so                elects within a reasonable time after receipt of such notice,  an                indemnifying party,  jointly with any other indemnifying  parties                receiving  such  notice,  may assume  defense of such action with                counsel chosen by it and approved by the indemnified parties that                are defendants in such action,  unless such  indemnified  parties                reasonably object to such assumption on the ground that there may                be legal defenses available to them that are different from or in                addition to those  available to such  indemnifying  party.  If an                indemnifying  party  assumes  the  defense  of such  action,  the                indemnifying  parties  shall  not be  liable  for  any  fees  and                expenses  of  counsel  for  the  indemnified   parties   incurred                thereafter in connection  with such action,  proceeding or claim,                other than reasonable costs

                                       35

               of investigation.  In no event shall the indemnifying  parties be                liable for the fees and expenses of more than one  separate  firm                of attorneys (and any special  counsel that said firm may retain)                for each  indemnified  party in  connection  with any one action,                proceeding  or claim or separate but similar or related  actions,                proceedings or claims in the same jurisdiction arising out of the                same general allegations or circumstances.

          (d)  The  agreements  contained  in this  Section  8 and in  Section 9                hereof and the representations and warranties of the Company, the                MHC  and the  Bank  set  forth  in this  Agreement  shall  remain                operative  and in full  force and effect  regardless  of: (i) any                investigation  made by or on behalf  of agent or their  officers,                directors or controlling persons,  agent or employees or by or on                behalf  of the  Company,  the MHC or the  Bank  or any  officers,                directors  or  controlling  persons,  agent or  employees  of the                Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank;  (ii)  delivery  of and  payment                hereunder  for the  Shares;  or  (iii)  any  termination  of this





               Agreement.

         Section 9.  Contribution.  In order to provide  for just and  equitable contribution  in  circumstances  in which the  indemnification  provided  for in Section 8 is due in  accordance  with its terms but is for any reason  held by a court to be unavailable  from the Company,  the MHC, the Bank or the Agent,  the Company,  the MHC,  the Bank and the Agent  shall  contribute  to the  aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including any investigation,  legal and other  expenses  incurred in connection  with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action,  suit or proceeding of any claims asserted,  but after deducting any  contribution  received by the Company,  the MHC, the Bank or the Agent from persons  other  than  the  other  party  thereto,  who may  also be  liable  for contribution)  in such  proportion  so that the  Agent is  responsible  for that portion  represented by the percentage  that the fees paid to the Agent pursuant to  Section 2 of this  Agreement  (not  including  expenses)  bears to the gross proceeds  received by the Company  from the sale of the Shares in the  Offering, and the Company,  the MHC and the Bank shall be responsible for the balance. If, however,  the allocation provided above is not permitted by applicable law or if the indemnified  party failed to give the notice required under Section 8 above, then each indemnifying  party shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such indemnified  party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative fault of the Company, the MHC and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses,  claims,  damages or  liabilities  (or actions,  proceedings  or claims in respect  thereto),  but also the  relative  benefits  received  by the Company,  the MHC and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the  other  from the Offering (before deducting expenses). The relative fault shall be determined by  reference  to,  among other  things,  whether  the untrue or alleged  untrue statement  of a material  fact or the  omission  or alleged  omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, the MHC and/or the Bank on the one hand or the Agent on the other and the parties' relative intent, good faith,  knowledge,  access to  information  and  opportunity  to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company, the MHC, the Bank and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if  contribution  pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro-rata allocation or by any other

                                       36

method  of   allocation   which  does  not  take  into  account  the   equitable considerations  referred to above in this  Section 9. The amount paid or payable by  an  indemnified  party  as a  result  of  the  losses,  claims,  damages  or liabilities (or actions,  proceedings or claims in respect thereof)  referred to above in this  Section 9 shall be deemed to include any legal or other  expenses reasonably  incurred by such indemnified party in connection with  investigating or defending any such action,  proceeding or claim. It is expressly  agreed that the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability,  claim, damage or expense or be required  to  contribute  any amount  which in the  aggregate  exceeds the amount paid (excluding reimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement. It is understood  that the above stated  limitation on the Agent's  liability is essential  to the  Agent and that the Agent  would  not have  entered  into this Agreement  if such  limitation  had not been  agreed to by the  parties  to this Agreement.  No person found guilty of any fraudulent  misrepresentation  (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to  contribution from any person who was not found guilty of such  fraudulent  misrepresentation. The  obligations  of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank under this Section 9 and under Section 8 shall be in addition to any liability  which the Company and the Bank may  otherwise  have.  For purposes of this Section 9, each of the Agent's, the Company's,  the MHC or the Bank's officers and directors and each person, if any,  who  controls  the Agent or the  Company or the MHC or the Bank within the meaning  of the  1933  Act and the  1934 Act  shall  have  the  same  rights  to contribution as the Agent, the Company,  the MHC or the Bank. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action, suit,  claim or  proceeding  against  such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made against another party under this Section 9, will notify such party from whom  contribution may be sought,  but the omission to so notify such party shall not relieve the party from whom contribution may be sought from any other  obligation it may have hereunder or otherwise than under this Section 9.

         Section 10. Survival of Agreements,  Representations  and  Indemnities. The respective  indemnities of the Company,  the MHC, the Bank and the Agent and the representations and warranties and other statements of the Company, the MHC, the Bank and the Agent set forth in or made  pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall remain in full force and effect,  regardless of any  termination or cancellation of this Agreement or any  investigation  made by or on behalf of the Agent,  the Company,  the MHC, the Bank or any  controlling  person referred to in Section 8 hereof,  and shall  survive the  issuance of the Shares,  and any  successor  or assign of the Agent,  the Company,  the MHC, the Bank, and any such  controlling person  shall  be  entitled  to  the  benefit  of  the  respective   agreements, indemnities, warranties and representations.

         Section 11.  Termination.  The Agent may  terminate  this  Agreement by giving  the  notice  indicated  below in this  Section 11 at any time after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:

          (a)  In the  event  the  Company  fails to sell the  required  minimum                number of the Shares by _________,  2000, and in accordance  with                the provisions of the Plan or as required by the MHC Regulations,                and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by                the Company to each person who has  subscribed for or ordered any                of the Shares the full amount which it may





                                       37

               have  received  from  such  person,  together  with  interest  as                provided in the Prospectus,  and no party to this Agreement shall                have any obligation to the other hereunder, except for payment by                the  Company,  the MHC and/or  the Bank as set forth in  Sections                2(a), 6, 8 and 9 hereof.

          (b)  If any of the  conditions  specified  in Section 7 shall not have                been  fulfilled  when and as  required by this  Agreement  unless                waived in writing, or by the Closing Date, this Agreement and all                of the Agent's  obligations  hereunder  may be  cancelled  by the                Agent  by  notifying  the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank of such                cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to                the  Closing  Date,  and any such  cancellation  shall be without                liability  of any party to any other  party  except as  otherwise                provided in Sections 2(a), 6, 8 and 9 hereof.

          (c)  If the Agent  elects to terminate  this  Agreement as provided in                this Section, the Company, the MHC and the Bank shall be notified                promptly by telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.

         The Company,  the MHC and the Bank may terminate  this Agreement in the event the Agent is in material breach of the  representations  and warranties or covenants  contained  in Section 5 and such  breach has not been cured after the Company,  the MHC and the Bank  have  provided  the  Agent  with  notice of such breach.

         This Agreement may also be terminated by mutual written  consent of the parties hereto.

         Section 12. Notices.  All  communications  hereunder,  except as herein otherwise specifically  provided,  shall be mailed in writing and if sent to the Agent shall be mailed,  delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to Charles Webb & Company,  a Division of Keefe,  Bruyette & Woods,  Inc., 211 Bradenton,  Dublin, Ohio 43017-3514,  Attention: Patricia A. McJoynt, Executive Vice President (with a copy to Silver, Freedman & Taff, L.L.P., Attention: Martin L. Meyrowitz, P.C.) and, if sent to the Company, the MHC and the Bank, shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed  and  confirmed  to the  Company,  the MHC and the  Bank at 500 10th Street, Alamogordo, New Mexico 88310-0690, Attention: Miles Ledgewood, President (with a copy to Luse Lehman Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, Attention: Eric Luse).

         Section  13.  Parties.  The  Company,  the MHC and the  Bank  shall  be entitled to act and rely on any request,  notice,  consent,  waiver or agreement purportedly  given on behalf of the Agent when the same shall have been given by the  undersigned.  The Agent shall be  entitled to act and rely on any  request, notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf of the Company, the MHC or the Bank,  when the same shall have been given by the  undersigned or any other  officer of the Company,  the MHC or the Bank.  This  Agreement  shall inure  solely to the  benefit  of, and shall be  binding  upon,  the Agent,  the Company, the MHC, the Bank, and their respective  successors and assigns, and no other person  shall have or be  construed to have any legal or equitable  right, remedy

                                       38

or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this  Agreement or any provision herein  contained.  It is  understood  and  agreed  that this  Agreement  is the exclusive agreement among the parties hereto, and supersedes any prior agreement among the  parties  and may not be varied  except in  writing  signed by all the parties.

         Section 14. Closing.  The closing for the sale of the Shares shall take place on the Closing Date at such location as mutually  agreed upon by the Agent and the Company,  the MHC and the Bank. At the closing, the Company, the MHC and the Bank shall deliver to the Agent in next day funds the commissions,  fees and expenses  due and owing to the Agent as set forth in Sections 2 and 6 hereof and the  opinions  and  certificates  required  hereby  and other  documents  deemed reasonably  necessary by the Agent shall be executed and delivered to effect the sale of the  Shares as  contemplated  hereby  and  pursuant  to the terms of the Prospectus.

         Section 15. Partial Invalidity.  In the event that any term,  provision or covenant herein or the application  thereof to any  circumstance or situation shall be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder hereof and the application of said term,  provision or covenant to any other  circumstances or situation shall not be affected thereby, and each term, provision or covenant herein shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law.

         Section  16.  Construction.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.

         Section 17.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts,  each of which so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

         If the  foregoing  correctly  sets  forth  the  arrangement  among  the Company,  the MHC, the Bank and the Agent, please indicate acceptance thereof in





the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and the Agent's acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement.

         Section 18. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement,  including schedules and exhibits hereto,  which are integral parts hereof and incorporated as though set forth in full,  constitutes the entire agreement between the parties  pertaining to the subject matter hereof  superseding  any and all prior or  contemporaneous oral  or  prior   written   agreements,   proposals,   letters   of  intent  and understandings,  and cannot be modified, changed, waived or terminated except by a writing  which  expressly  states  that it is an  amendment,  modification  or waiver, refers to this Agreement and is signed by the party

                                       39

to be charged.  No course of conduct or dealing  shall be  construed  to modify, amend or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.

                                               Very truly yours,

ALAMOGORDO FINANCIAL                           ALAMOGORDO FEDERAL SAVINGS AND CORPORATION                                    LOAN ASSOCIATION

By Its Authorized                              By Its Authorized Representative:                                Representative:

- ----------------------------                   --------------------------------- Miles Ledgerwood                               Miles Ledgerwood Chairman                                       Chairman

AF MUTUAL HOLDING COMPANY

By Its Authorized Representative:

- ---------------------------- Miles Ledgerwood Chairman

Accepted as of the date first above written

Charles Webb & Company, a Division Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

By Its Authorized Representative:

- ----------------------------- Patricia A. McJoynt Executive Vice President

                                       40
Exhibit 10.26

AGENCY AGREEMENT

THIS AGENCY AGREEMENT, dated November 9, 2005 ("Agreement"), between General Electric Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, if any, "Lessor"), and Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the "Company"). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease (as that term is defined below).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, Lessor and the Company have entered into a Master Lease Agreement dated November 9, 2005 wherein Lessor, as the lessor, has agreed to lease certain items of equipment to the Company (the Master Lease Agreement and all Schedules entered into from time to time thereunder are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Lease"; and all equipment leased thereunder are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Equipment"); capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings as provided in the Lease; and

WHEREAS, Lessor desires to appoint the Company its agent to order, receive and, in the name and on behalf of Lessor, the Equipment;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and the mutual promises contained herein, as well as other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I  GENERAL UNDERTAKING

Section 1.01 Appointment. Lessor hereby appoints the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to accept such appointment, as the agent of Lessor, without any fee for acting as such agent, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the purpose of ordering and, subject to the conditions set forth in Section's 2.01 and 2.05 hereof, accepting Equipment on Lessor's behalf for leasing to the Company under the Lease from the respective supplier thereof (each a "Supplier" and collectively, the "Suppliers"). It is specifically agreed that all of the power and authority vested to the Company herein shall be subject to any modifications as may from time to time be made by Lessor.

Section 1.02 Powers. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Company is hereby granted the authority to act, and hereby agrees to act, on behalf of Lessor and in the name of Lessor, to the extent necessary to carry out its duties under this Agreement.

Section 1.03 Master Lease. This Agreement is entered into in connection with and subject to the terms of the Lease and in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Lease, the Lease shall control. The Company and Lessor may from time to time hereafter enter into Equipment Schedules to the Lease, and it is the intent of the parties that this Agreement facilitate the leasing of Equipment under the Lease. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE, A COMMITMENT ON THE PART OF EITHER THE COMPANY OR LESSOR TO EXECUTE OR OTHERWISE ENTER INTO ANY EQUIPMENT SCHEDULES AFTER THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

ARTICLE II  DUTIES OF AGENT

Section 2.01 Equipment Orders. Upon the written acknowledgment by the Company and Lessor of each jointly approved purchase agreement, purchase order or invoice ("Purchase Order"), the Company, pursuant to the agency granted to it by Lessor in Article I hereof, may order, receive, accept the Equipment to be leased in accordance with the Economic Terms (as hereafter defined and described).

Upon and as of the date of acceptance of the Equipment by the Company and satisfaction of the conditions precedent provided for in the Lease: (a) Lessor shall be unconditionally obligated to purchase such Equipment pursuant to the terms of the applicable Purchase Order and to lease such Equipment to the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Lease and the applicable completed Schedule; and (b) the Company shall be unconditionally obligated to lease such Equipment from Lessor pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Lease and the applicable completed Schedule. The leasing of Equipment pursuant to this Agreement shall be in accordance with the Economic Terms set forth in Section 2.05 hereof, and upon delivery of the Equipment from any Supplier shall be deemed to be leased pursuant to this Agreement and the Lease and be subject to all of the provisions of the Lease, including without limitation, the insurance and indemnity provisions of the Lease. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the Company's ability to act as Lessor's agent hereunder, and to unconditionally obligate Lessor to purchase Equipment pursuant to such agency, shall be limited by the following: (i) the Company must disclose to all Suppliers that it is ordering the Equipment as agent for Lessor; (ii) all of the Equipment ordered and/or accepted hereunder must meet at least one of the general description categories contained in Section 2:05; (iii) the aggregate Purchase Price for all Equipment purchased in connection with any Schedule must be less than, or equal to, the Maximum Aggregate Capitalized Lessor's Cost specified in Section 2:05; (iv) the Equipment must be delivered to, and accepted by, the Company on or before the Last Delivery Date specified in Section 2:05; (v) the Purchase Price of each unit of Equipment must not be more than the then current Fair Market Value of such Equipment; (vi) each unit of Equipment must qualify for all the Tax Benefits described in the applicable Schedule in the hands of Lessor upon the Company's acceptance thereof from the Supplier and (vii) with respect to any documentation, technical or confidential business information and/or software relating to the Equipment (collectively, "Software"), the Purchase Order will grant Lessor a license to use the Software and will allow Lessor to grant a sublicense to the Company to use such Software pursuant to the Lease and will allow Lessor to grant a sublicense to a third party after a termination or the expiration of the Lease in the event the Company does not elect to exercise any purchase option that may be provided for in the Lease; and (viii) all conditions precedent set forth in the Lease, including the delivery and execution of the Schedule and the Certificate of Acceptance, must be completed by no later than the Last Basic Term Commencement Date specified in Section 2.05.





The Company additionally agrees that all Purchase Orders executed by the Company as Lessor's agent hereunder shall: (A) condition Lessor's obligation to pay for and purchase the Equipment on the Company's acceptance of such Equipment; (B) not permit passage of title or risk of loss for the Equipment earlier than such acceptance by the Company; (C) not permit the Supplier or any other person or entity to retain any security in, or lien on, any of the Equipment; and (D) otherwise be on terms and conditions acceptable to Lessor in its sole discretion.

Section 2.02 Receipt of and Payment for Equipment. With respect to any Equipment ordered by the Company as agent for Lessor, the Company agrees to perform all obligations of the purchaser in the time and manner required by the applicable Purchase Order.

Section 2.03 Payment of Purchase Price. On or before the Lease Commencement Date for any Schedule, the Company shall present to Lessor documentation ("Purchase Documentation"), in form and substance satisfactory to Lessor in its sole discretion, which (i) describes all units of Equipment ordered, received and accepted by the Company as agent for Lessor in connection with such Schedule, and (ii) if Company has paid any Supplier for any of the Equipment, includes evidence of the Purchase Price paid to Supplier for each such unit of Equipment and of passage of title thereto to Lessor. Upon the latter of (A) Lessor's receipt of the Purchase Documentation or (B) the satisfaction of all conditions precedent on or after the applicable Lease Commencement Date, Lessor shall pay the Supplier or reimburse the Company, as the case may be, for the aggregate Purchase Price for all Equipment purchased hereunder in connection with such schedule.

Section 2.04 Books and Records. The Company shall maintain full and accurate books and records of all Equipment orders, receipts and All such books and records shall be maintained in a form acceptable to Lessor in its sole discretion. Such books and records shall be open for inspection and examination by Lessor and its respective representatives and/or accountants during the Company's normal business hours.

Section 2.05 Economic Terms. The Company and the Lessor hereby agree that Schedules entered into pursuant to this Agency Agreement shall conform with the following "Economic Terms":

1. Maximum Aggregate Capitalized Lessor's Cost:  $14,500,000.00

2. Basic Term Lease Rate Factor:  To be mutually agreed upon by Company and Lessor

3. Basic Term (No. of Months):  To be mutually agreed upon by Company and Lessor

4. Equipment Type:  To be mutually agreed upon by Company and Lessor

5. Agency Agreement Expiration Date and Last Delivery Date:  October 31, 2006

ARTICLE III TERMINATION

Section 3.01 Termination.

(a) So long as no default exists and is continuing hereunder or under the Lease, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ____________ (______30________) days written notice to the other party; provided however that such termination shall not act as a termination of any Equipment leased hereunder.

(b) In the event the Company is in default hereunder or under the Lease, Lessor may elect to terminate this Agreement immediately, which shall be effective upon the receipt of written notice thereof by the Company.

(c) Any termination under this Section 3.01 shall automatically result in the immediate revocation of all authority vested in the Company under this Agreement to order, accept or pay for any Equipment on behalf of Lessor.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute and deliver this Agreement on the date first above written.

General Electric Capital Corporation Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc.  By: /s/ Susan Lyndon By: /s/ Richard A. Mansfield

Title: Manager Portfolio Admin Title: V.P./CFO

AGENCY AGREEMENT INSTRUCTIONS   BEFORE EQUIPMENT IS ORDERED:

    When issuing a Purchase Order or Sales Agreement for Equipment in connection with the Agency Agreement, incorporate the following in the Purchase Order or Sales Agreement:

  Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc. is ordering the following equipment as Agent for:





  General Electric Capital Corporation  311 North Bayshore Drive  Safety Harbor, FL 34695  Attn: Teresa Schafer

 All invoices should indicate that General Electric Capital Corporation is the "Sold to" party at the above address, and that Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc. is the "Ship to" party for delivery.

 The invoices should be mailed directly to General Electric Capital Corporation. Also, all invoices should reference the appropriate Purchase Order/Sales Agreement Number.

General Electric Capital Corporation will also require a complete set of Lease documentation prior to funding. These documents may include a Schedule and a Certificate of Acceptance. The full terms and conditions of the lease contract are set forth in the Master Lease Agreement and Equipment Schedule.
Exhibit 1.2

Up to 2,445,223 Shares

(subject to increase to up to 2,812,006 shares in the event of an increase in the pro forma market value of the Company's Common Stock)

Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania (a federal stock holding company)

Common Stock (par value $.01 per share)

AGENCY AGREEMENT

November ___, 2006

SANDLER O'NEILL & PARTNERS, L.P. 919 Third Avenue, 6  Floor New York, New York 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Greater Delaware Valley Holdings, A Mutual Company, a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual holding company (the "PA MHC"), Alliance Mutual Holding Company, a federal mutual savings and loan holding company in formation (the "Federal MHC"), Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania, a federal stock holding company in formation (the "Company"), and Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank d/b/a Alliance Bank, a Pennsylvania-chartered stock savings bank (the "Bank"), hereby confirm their agreement with Sandler O'Neill & Partners, L.P. ("Sandler O'Neill" or the "Agent") with respect to the offer and sale by the Company of up to 2,445,223 shares (subject to increase to up to 2,812,006 shares in the event of an increase in the pro forma market value of the Company's common stock) of the Company's common stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Common Stock"). The shares of Common Stock to be sold by the Company in the Offerings (as defined below) are hereinafter called the "Securities."

The PA MHC and the Bank have determined to undertake a reorganization pursuant to which the Company will be created as a mid-tier holding company, the outstanding capital stock of the Bank will be exchanged for shares of the Common Stock, and the PA MHC will convert from a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual holding company to a federally-chartered mutual holding company under the name Alliance Mutual Holding Company, all in accordance with the Agreement and Plan

1

th





of Reorganization, dated as of June 21, 2006, as may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof. Concurrently therewith, the Securities are being offered for sale in the Offerings (as defined below) in accordance with the Plan of Additional Stock Issuance dated June 21, 2006 as may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof. The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and the Plan of Additional Stock Issuance are hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Plans." The PA MHC and Federal MHC are hereinafter referred to collectively as the "MHCs."

Pursuant to the Plans, the Company will offer to certain depositors of the Bank and to the Bank's tax qualified employee benefit plans, including the Bank's employee stock ownership plan (the "ESOP") (collectively, the "Employee Plans"), rights to subscribe for the Securities in a subscription offering (the "Subscription Offering"). To the extent Securities are not subscribed for in the Subscription Offering, such Securities may be offered to certain members of the general public and to other persons in a community offering (the "Community Offering"), with preference given first to natural persons and trusts of natural persons residing in Delaware and Chester Counties, Pennsylvania and then to the Bank's stockholders as of ___________, 2006. The Community Offering, which together with the Subscription Offering, as each may be extended or reopened from time to time, is herein referred to as the "Subscription and Community Offering," may be commenced concurrently with, during or after, the Subscription Offering. It is currently anticipated that any Securities not subscribed for in the Subscription and Community Offering will be offered, subject to Section 2 hereof, in a syndicated community offering (the "Syndicated Community Offering"). The Subscription and Community Offering and the Syndicated Community Offering are hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Offerings." The conversion of the PA MHC from a state-chartered mutual holding company to a federally-chartered mutual holding company, the formation of the Company, the exchange of the capital stock of the Bank for capital stock of the Company and the Offerings are hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance." As a result of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance, the Bank, which is currently 80.02% owned by the PA MHC, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company will be 55% owned by the Federal MHC. The Securities may be offered to the general public in a public offering (the "Public Offering") in lieu of or subsequent to the Syndicated Community Offering. If there is a Public Offering, the Public Offering will be governed by a separate definitive purchase agreement as described in Section 2 hereof. It is acknowledged that the number of Securities to be sold in the Offerings may be increased or decreased in accordance with the Plans. If the number of Securities is increased or decreased, the term "Securities" shall mean such greater or lesser number, where applicable. In the event that a mid-tier holding company form of organization is not utilized, all pertinent terms of this Agreement will apply to the sale of the Bank's common stock.

The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 136853), including a related prospectus, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), has filed such amendments thereto, if any, and such amended prospectuses as may have been required to the date hereof by the Commission in order to declare such registration statement effective, and will file such additional amendments thereto and such amended prospectuses and prospectus supplements as may hereafter be required. Such registration statement (as amended to date, if applicable, and as from time to time amended or supplemented hereafter) and the prospectuses constituting a part thereof (including in each case all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference

2





therein and the information, if any, deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act, as from time to time amended or supplemented pursuant to the Securities Act or otherwise (the "Securities Act Regulations")), are hereinafter referred to as the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus," respectively, except that if any revised prospectus shall be used by the Company in connection with the Subscription and Community Offering or the Syndicated Community Offering which differs from the Prospectus on file at the Commission at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective (whether or not such revised prospectus is required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations), the term "Prospectus" shall refer to such revised prospectus from and after the time it is first provided to the Agent for such use.

Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company is delivering to the Agent copies of the Prospectus of the Company to be used in the Offerings. Such Prospectus contains information with respect to the Bank, the Company, the MHCs and the Common Stock.

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

(a) The Company, the Bank and the MHCs jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Agent as of the date hereof as follows:

(i) The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission, no stop order has been issued with respect thereto and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, threatened by the Commission. At the time the Registration Statement became effective and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, at the date hereof does not and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof will not, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided, however, that the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information with respect to the Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (the "Agent Information," which the Company, the MHCs and the Bank acknowledge appears only in the sixth paragraph of the section "The Offering - Plan of Distribution and Marketing Arrangements" of the Prospectus.)

(ii) At the time of filing the Registration Statement relating to the offering of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not, and is not, an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement and at the time of the use of any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations, the Company met the conditions required by Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act Regulations for the use of a free writing prospectus. If required to be filed, the Company has filed any issuer free writing

3





prospectus related to the offered Securities at the time it is required to be filed under Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations and, if not required to be filed, will retain such free writing prospectus in the Company's records pursuant to Rule 433(g) of the Securities Act Regulations and if any issuer free writing prospectus is used after the date hereof in connection with the offering of the Securities the Company will file or retain such free writing prospectus as required by Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations.

(iii) As of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus(es) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time and the Statutory Prospectus, all considered together (collectively, the "General Disclosure Package"), nor (ii) any individual Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Prospectus included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement:

1. "Applicable Time" means each and every date when a potential purchaser submitted a subscription or otherwise committed to purchase Securities.

2. "Statutory Prospectus", as of any time, means the Prospectus relating to the offered Securities that is included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities immediately prior to that time, including any document incorporated by reference therein.

3. "Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus" means any "issuer free writing prospectus," as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations, relating to the offered Securities. The term does not include any writing exempted from the definition of prospectus pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act, without regard to Rule 172 or Rule 173 of the Securities Act Regulations.

4. "Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus" means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors.

5. "Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus" means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus. The term Issuer-Represented Limited- Use Free Writing Prospectus also includes any "bona

4





fide electronic road show," as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, that is made available without restriction pursuant to Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities Act Regulations or otherwise, even though not required to be filed with the Commission.

(iv) Each Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, as of its date of first use and at all subsequent times through the completion of the Offerings and sale of the offered Securities or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Agent (as described in the next sentence), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following the date of first use of an Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has notified or will notify promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer-Represented Free-Writing Prospectus may cease until it is amended or supplemented and the Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.

(v) The MHCs and the Company have filed with the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS") an application for approval of their acquisition of the Bank (the "Holding Company Application") on Form H-(e)1 promulgated under the savings and loan holding company provisions of the Home Owners' Loan Act, as amended ("HOLA") and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Holding Company Application includes a proxy statement for the special meeting of stockholders of the Bank called to approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Proxy Statement"). The MHCs and the Company have received written notice from the OTS of its approval of the Holding Company Application, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the OTS suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the OTS. At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Holding Company Application complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of HOLA and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Holding Company Application is truthful and accurate in all material respects.

The Company has filed with the Pennsylvania Department of Banking (the "Department") an application for approval of its acquisition of the Bank (the "Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank"). The Company has received written notice from the

5





Department of its approval of the acquisition of the Bank, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the Department suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the Department. At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Banking Code of 1965 of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank is truthful and accurate in all material respects.

The Bank has filed with the Department an application for approval of the proposed merger between the Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank (the "Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate"). The Bank has received written notice from the Department of its approval of the Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the Department suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the Department. At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Banking Code of 1965 of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate is truthful and accurate in all material respects.

The Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank have filed with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") an application for approval of the proposed merger between the Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank (the "Bank Merger Application"). The Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank have received written notice from the FDIC of its approval of the Bank Merger Application, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the FDIC suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the FDIC. At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Bank Merger Application complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Bank Merger Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Bank Merger Application is truthful and accurate in all material respects.

(vi) Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the OTS, as from time to time amended or supplemented (the "OTS Regulations"), the Company has filed with the OTS an Application for Approval of a Minority Stock Issuance by a Mid-Tier Subsidiary of a Mutual Holding Company (Form MHC-2) and has filed such amendments thereto and supplementary materials as may have been required to the date hereof. The Form MHC-2, as amended to date, if applicable, and as from time to time amended or supplemented hereafter, is hereinafter referred to as the "MHC Application." The Company has received written notice from the OTS of its approval of the MHC Application, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the OTS suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the OTS. At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the MHC Application

6





complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the OTS Regulations. The MHC Application is truthful and accurate in all material respects.

(vii) At the time of their use, the Proxy Statement and any other proxy solicitation materials will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the OTS Regulations and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank have filed the Prospectus and any supplemental sales literature with the Commission and the OTS. The Prospectus and all supplemental sales literature, as of the date the Registration Statement became effective and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the OTS Regulations, and the Securities Act Regulations and, at or prior to the time of their first use, will have received all required authorizations of the OTS and Commission for use in final form.

(viii) None of the Commission, the OTS or any "Blue Sky" authority has, by order or otherwise, prevented or suspended the use of the Proxy Statement, the Prospectus or any supplemental sales literature authorized by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank for use in connection with the Offerings, and no proceedings for such purposes are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, threatened.

(ix) The Offerings and other transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not require any material consent, approval, authorization or permit or filing with any other governmental agency or regulatory authority, except as disclosed in the Prospectus.

(x) The Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance has been approved by and the Plans have been duly adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Company, the Bank and the MHCs and such approval and adoption has not since been rescinded or revoked. At the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Company, the Bank and the MHCs will have completed the conditions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance in accordance with the Plans, the applicable OTS Regulations and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all material terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the Company, the Bank or the MHCs by the OTS, the FDIC, or any other regulatory authority, other than those which the regulatory authority permits to be completed after the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance.

(xi) RP Financial, LC (the "Appraiser"), which prepared the valuation of the Bank as part of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance, has advised the Company, the MHCs and the Bank in writing that it satisfies all requirements for an appraiser set forth in the OTS Regulations and any interpretations or guidelines issued by the OTS or its staff with respect thereto.

(xii) Deloitte & Touche LLP, the accountants who audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements and supporting schedules of the Bank and its subsidiaries

7





included in the Registration Statement, have advised the Company, the MHCs and the Bank in writing that they are independent public accountants within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the "AICPA"), that they are registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB") and such accountants are, with respect to the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, independent certified public accountants as required by, and are not in violation of the auditors independence requirements of, the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations and OTS Regulations.

(xiii) The only direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company upon completion of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance will be the Bank; the only direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Bank are Alliance Delaware Corporation, 541 Corp., and Alliance Financial and Investment Services LLC (collectively, the "Subsidiaries"). Except for the Subsidiaries, none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, directly or indirectly, controls any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or other business organization.

(xiv) The consolidated financial statements and the related schedules and notes thereto included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly the financial position of the Bank and its subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the results of operations, retained earnings, equity and cash flows for the periods specified, and comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act Regulations and the OTS Regulations; except as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis; and the supporting schedules and tables included in the Registration Statement and Prospectus present fairly the information required to be stated therein. The other financial, statistical and pro forma information and related notes included in the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein on a basis consistent with the audited and unaudited financial statements included in the Prospectus, and as to the pro forma adjustments, the adjustments made therein have been consistently applied on the basis described therein.

(xv) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein (A) there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (B) except for transactions specifically referred to or contemplated in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, there have been no transactions entered into by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, other than those in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, which are material with respect to the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, (C) the capitalization, liabilities, assets, properties and business of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank conform in all material respects to the descriptions contained in the Prospectus and none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank has any material liabilities of any kind, contingent or otherwise, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and (D) none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank will have issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or

8





contingent, or borrowed money, except borrowings in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice from the same or similar sources and in similar amounts as indicated in the Prospectus.

(xvi) The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than Closing Time will be duly organized and validly existing as a federal stock holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of America with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than the Closing Time will be duly qualified to transact business and in good standing under the laws of the United States of America, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise (a "Material Adverse Effect").

(xvii) Upon completion of the Offerings as described in the Prospectus, the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company will be within the range as set forth in the Prospectus under "Capitalization" (except for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans referred to in the Prospectus). The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share ("Company Preferred Stock"). No shares of Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock have been or will be issued prior to the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof. At the date hereof and at the Closing Time, the Securities will have been duly authorized for issuance and, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plans against payment of the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plans and stated on the cover page of the Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable. The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and the other capital stock of the Company conform to all statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus. The certificates representing the shares of Common Stock will conform to the requirements of applicable law and regulations. The issuance of the Securities is not subject to preemptive or other similar rights, except for subscription rights granted pursuant to the Plans in accordance with the OTS Regulations.

(xviii) The PA MHC has been duly organized and is validly existing as a mutual savings and loan holding company chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and the PA MHC is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a

9





Material Adverse Effect. The Federal MHC, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than the Closing Time will be duly organized and validly existing as a federal mutual savings and loan holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of America with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and the Federal MHC is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the United States of America, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xix) The MHCs have no capital stock. All holders of the savings, demand or other authorized accounts of the Bank are members of the MHCs. As of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the MHCs will not own any equity securities or any equity interest in any business enterprise except as described in the Prospectus.

(xx) The Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing as a stock savings bank chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and the Bank is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxi) The authorized capital stock of the Bank is 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share ("Bank Common Stock"), and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share ("Bank Preferred Stock"), and the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank is 3,442,383 shares of Bank Common Stock and zero shares of Bank Preferred Stock. No shares of Bank Preferred Stock have been or will be issued prior to the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof.

The issued and outstanding shares of Bank Common Stock have been duly and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Shares of Bank Common Stock owned beneficially and of record by the PA MHC are owned free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim; the terms and provisions of the Bank Common Stock conform to all statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus, and the certificates representing the shares of the Bank Common Stock comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations; and the issuance of the Bank Common Stock is not subject to preemptive or similar rights; and there are no other warrants, options or rights of any kind to acquire additional shares of Bank Common Stock or any shares of Bank Preferred Stock other than as disclosed in the Prospectus.

10





(xxii) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries have each obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of their respective businesses, or required for the conduct of their respective businesses as contemplated by the Holding Company Application and the MHC Application, except where the failure to obtain such licenses, permits or other governmental authorizations would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations are in full force and effect and the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries are in all material respects in compliance therewith; none of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary has received notice of any proceeding or action relating to the revocation or modification of any such license, permit or other governmental authorization which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, might have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxiii) Each Subsidiary has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the activities of each Subsidiary are permitted to subsidiaries of a Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank and both a Pennsylvania-chartered and a federally- chartered mutual holding company by the rules, regulations, resolutions and practices of the OTS, the FDIC and the Department; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and nonassessable and is owned by the Bank directly, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim; and there are no warrants, options or rights of any kind to acquire shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary.

(xxiv) The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh; the deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits. The Bank is a "qualified thrift lender" within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. Section 1467a(m).

(xxv) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank have taken all corporate action necessary for them to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by, and is the valid and binding agreement of, the Company, the MHCS and the Bank, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws and the availability of equitable remedies.

(xxvi) No approval of any regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Securities that has not been obtained and a copy of which has been delivered to the Agent, except as may be required under the "Blue Sky" or securities laws of various jurisdictions.

11





(xxvii) None of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of their respective certificate of incorporation, organization certificate, articles of incorporation or charter, as the case may be, or bylaws or other written corporate governance requirements or guidelines; and none of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is in default (nor has any event occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, except for such defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no contracts or documents of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank which are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement, the Holding Company Application or the MHC Application which have not been so filed.

(xxviii) The Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, the MHCs, and the Bank, and do not and will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank pursuant to, any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company, the MHCs or the Bank is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank is subject, except for such conflicts, breaches or defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the respective charter or bylaws of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, or any applicable law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree.

(xxix) No labor dispute with the employees of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries, is imminent or threatened; and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank are not aware of any existing or threatened labor disturbance by the employees of any of its principal suppliers or contractors which might be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxx) Each of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all of its properties and assets for which ownership is material to the business of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries and to those properties and assets described in the Prospectus as owned by them, free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except such as are described in the Prospectus or are not material in relation to the business of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries under which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries hold properties, including those described in the Prospectus, are valid and binding agreements of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries, in full force and effect, enforceable in accordance with their terms except as

12





may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws and availability of equitable remedies.

(xxxi) None of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank is in violation of any order or directive from the OTS, the Commission or any regulatory authority to make any material change in the method of conducting its respective businesses; the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, and each of the Subsidiaries have conducted and are conducting their business so as to comply with all applicable statutes, regulations and administrative and court decrees (including, without limitation, all regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the OTS, the FDIC and the Commission). Neither the Company, the MHCs, the Bank nor any of the Subsidiaries is subject or is party to, or has received any notice or advice that any of them may become subject or party to, any investigation with respect to any cease-and-desist order, agreement, consent agreement, memorandum of understanding or other regulatory enforcement action, proceeding or order with or by, or is a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any directive by, or has been a recipient of any supervisory letter from, or has adopted any board resolutions at the request of, any Regulatory Agency (as defined below) that currently restrict the conduct of their business or that in any manner relates to their capital adequacy, their credit policies, their management or their business (each, a "Regulatory Agreement"), nor has the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries been advised by any Regulatory Agency that it is considering issuing or requesting the issuance of any such Regulatory Agreement; and there is no unresolved violation, criticism or exception by any Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any examinations of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries which is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or which might materially and adversely affect the properties or assets thereof or which might adversely affect the consummation of the Offerings or the performance of this Agreement. As used herein, the term "Regulatory Agency" means any federal or state agency charged with the supervision or regulation of depositary institutions or holding companies of depositary institutions, or engaged in the insurance of depositary institution deposits, or any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental agency, authority or instrumentality having supervisory or regulatory authority with respect to the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries.

(xxxii) There is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, or the Bank, threatened, against or affecting the Company, the MHCs or the Bank which is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement (other than as disclosed therein), or which might result in any material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, considered as one enterprise, or which might materially and adversely affect the properties or assets thereof, or which might adversely affect the consummation of the Offerings, or the performance of this Agreement; all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary is a party or of which any of their respective property or assets is the subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to their business, are considered in the aggregate not material.



13





(xxxiii) The Company, MHCs and the Bank have obtained (i) an opinion of their counsel, Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P., with respect to the legality of the Securities to be issued and certain federal income tax consequences of the Offerings and the Plans, and (ii) the opinion of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. with respect to the certain state and local income tax consequences of the Offerings and the Plans, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement; all material aspects of the aforesaid opinions are accurately summarized in the Prospectus under "The Reorganization  Federal and State Tax Consequences," the facts and representations upon which such opinions are based are truthful, accurate and complete in all material respects; and neither the Company, the MHCs, nor the Bank has taken or will take any action inconsistent therewith.

(xxxiv) The Company is not and, upon completion of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, will not be, required to be registered as an "investment company" as that term is defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(xxxv) All of the loans represented as assets on the most recent consolidated financial statements or consolidated selected financial information of the Bank included in the Prospectus meet or are exempt from all requirements of federal, state or local law pertaining to lending, including without limitation truth in lending (including the requirements of Regulations Z and 12 C.F.R. Part 226 and Section 563.99), real estate settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, equal credit opportunity and all disclosure laws applicable to such loans, except for violations which, if asserted, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxxvi) To the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary, with the exception of the intended loan to the Bank's ESOP by the Company to enable the ESOP to purchase shares of the Common Stock, none of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or their employees has made any payment of funds of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank as a loan for the purchase of the Common Stock or made any other payment of funds prohibited by law, and no funds have been set aside to be used for any payment prohibited by law.

(xxxvii) Each of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each of the Subsidiaries maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations; (b) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization; and (d) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(xxxviii) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary are in compliance with the applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the rules and regulations

14





thereunder. The Bank has established compliance programs and is in compliance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and all applicable regulations promulgated thereunder. The Bank is in compliance with the USA Patriot Act and all applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, and there is no charge, investigation, action, suit or proceeding before any court, regulatory authority or governmental agency or body pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, and the Bank, threatened regarding the Bank's compliance with the USA Patriot Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder.

(xxxix) None of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary nor any properties owned or operated by the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary is in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law (as defined below). There are no actions, suits or proceedings, or demands, claims, notices or investigations (including, without limitation, notices, demand letters or requests for information from any environmental agency) instituted or pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary threatened, relating to the liability of any property owned or operated by the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary, under any Environmental Law, except for such actions, suits or proceedings, or demands, claims, notices or investigations that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection, the term "Environmental Law" means any federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization, approval, consent, order, judgment, decree, injunction or agreement with any regulatory authority relating to (i) the protection, preservation or restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water, vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface soil, subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or (ii) the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of any substance presently listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, whether by type or by quantity, including any material containing any such substance as a component.

(xl) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary have filed all federal, state and local income and franchise tax returns required to be filed and have made timely payments of all taxes shown as due and payable in respect of such returns, and no deficiency has been asserted with respect thereto by any taxing authority. No tax deficiency has been asserted, and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have no knowledge of any tax deficiency which could be asserted against the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries.

(xli) The Company has received all approvals required to consummate the Offerings, and to have the Securities quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market effective as of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof.

(xlii) The Company has filed a registration statement for the Securities under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and such registration statement was declared effective concurrent with the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

15





(xliii) There are no affiliations or associations (as such terms are defined by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD")) between any member of the NASD and any of the MHCs', Company's or Bank's officers or directors.

(xliv) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary carries, or is covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value for their respective properties as is customary for companies engaged in similar industries.

(xlv) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank have not relied on Agent or its counsel for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the Offerings.

(xlvi) The records of eligible account holders, supplemental eligible account holders, and other depositors are accurate and complete in all material respects.

(xlvii) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all presently applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder ("ERISA"); no "reportable event" (as defined in ERISA) has occurred with respect to any "pension plan" (as defined in ERISA) for which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary, respectively, would have any liability; each of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, and each Subsidiary has not incurred and does not expect to incur liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any "pension plan" or (ii) Sections 412 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the "Code"); and each "pension plan" for which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and any Subsidiary would have any liability that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

(xlviii) The Bank has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act), which (i) are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Bank, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Bank's principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities; and (ii) are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established. There are no significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Bank's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data. There has been no fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Bank's internal controls. Since the date of the most recent evaluation of the Bank's disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than Closing Time will have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures (as

16





such term is defined in Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act), which (i) are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company's principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities; and (ii) are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established.

(xlix) The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than Closing Time will be in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and the Nasdaq corporate governance rules applicable to the Company, will use its best efforts to maintain such compliance and will use its best efforts to comply with provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and Nasdaq corporate governance rules that become effective in the future.

(l) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary and delivered to either of the Agent or counsel for the Agent shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank to the Agent as to the matters covered thereby.

SECTION 2. APPOINTMENT OF SANDLER O'NEILL; SALE AND DELIVERY OF THE SECURITIES; CLOSING. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby appoints Sandler O'Neill as its Agent to consult with and advise the Company, and to assist the Company with the solicitation of subscriptions and purchase orders for Securities, in connection with the Company's sale of Common Stock in the Offerings. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, Sandler O'Neill accepts such appointment and agrees to use its best efforts to assist the Company with the solicitation of subscriptions and purchase orders for Securities in accordance with this Agreement; provided, however, that the Agent shall not be obligated to take any action which is inconsistent with any applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders. The services to be rendered by Sandler O'Neill pursuant to this appointment include the following: (i) consulting as to the securities marketing implications of any aspect of the Plans or related corporate documents; (ii) reviewing with the Board of Directors of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank financial and securities marketing implications of the Appraiser's appraisal of the Common Stock; (iii) reviewing all offering documents, including the Prospectus, stock order forms and related offering materials (it being understood that preparation and filing of such documents is the sole responsibility of the Company and the Bank and their counsel); (iv) assisting in the design and implementation of a marketing strategy for the Offerings; (v) assisting management of the Company and the Bank in preparing for meetings with potential investors and broker-dealers; and (vi) providing such other general advice and assistance regarding financial and marketing aspects of the Offering as may be requested to promote the successful completion of the Offering.

The appointment of the Agent hereunder shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (a) forty-five (45) days after the last day of the Subscription and Community Offering, unless

17





the Company and the Agent agree in writing to extend such period and the OTS agrees to extend the period of time in which the Securities may be sold, or (b) the receipt and acceptance of subscriptions and purchase orders for all of the Securities, or (c) the completion of the Syndicated Community Offering.

If any of the Securities remain available after the expiration of the Subscription and Community Offering, at the request of the Company and the Bank, Sandler O'Neill will seek to form a syndicate of registered brokers or dealers ("Selected Dealers") to assist in the solicitation of purchase orders of such Securities on a best efforts basis. Sandler O'Neill will endeavor to limit the aggregate fees to be paid by the Company, the MHCs and the Bank to an amount competitive with gross underwriting discounts charged at such time for underwritings of comparable amounts of stock sold at a comparable price per share in a similar market environment; provided, however, that the aggregate fees payable to Sandler O'Neill and Selected Dealers shall not exceed 6.0% of the aggregate dollar amount of the Securities sold in the Syndicated Community Offering by such Selected Dealers. Sandler O'Neill will endeavor to distribute the Securities among the Selected Dealers in a fashion which best meets the distribution objective of the Company and the Bank, which may result in limiting the allocation of stock to certain Selected Dealers. It is understood that in no event shall Sandler O'Neill be obligated to act as a Selected Dealer or to take or purchase any Securities.

If any of the Securities remain available after the expiration of the Offerings, the Company agrees to offer the Agent the first right to act as lead managing underwriter for the Public Offering. The terms of the Public Offering will be set forth in a separate definitive purchase agreement in a form satisfactory to Sandler O'Neill and containing customary representations, warranties, conditions, agreements and indemnities, which purchase agreement, when executed, will supersede and replace this Agreement with respect to Securities sold thereunder (the "Purchase Agreement"). This Agreement is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, an agreement or commitment between the Company, the Bank and Sandler O'Neill relating to the firm commitment underwriting of any securities, and Sandler O'Neill may, in its sole judgment and discretion, determine at any time not to proceed with the proposed firm commitment underwriting. Such proposed underwriting will be subject, among other things, to: (i) satisfactory completion by Sandler O'Neill of such due diligence investigation or inquiries as it may deem appropriate, (ii) market conditions, which, in the sole judgment of Sandler O'Neill, shall be satisfactory, and (iii) the execution and delivery of a definitive Purchase Agreement.

In the event the Company is unable to sell at least the total minimum of the Securities, as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus, within the period herein provided, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Securities the full amount which it may have received from them, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the others hereunder, except for the obligations of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank as set forth in Sections 4, 6(a) and 7 hereof and the obligations of the Agent as provided in Sections 6(b) and 7 hereof. Appropriate arrangements for placing the funds received from subscriptions for Securities or other offers to purchase Securities in

18





special interest-bearing accounts with the Bank until all Securities are sold and paid for were made prior to the commencement of the Subscription Offering, with provision for refund to the purchasers as set forth above, or for delivery to the Company if all Securities are sold.

If at least the total minimum of Securities, as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus, are sold, the Company agrees to issue or have issued the Securities sold and to release for delivery certificates for such Securities at the Closing Time against payment therefor by release of funds from the special interest-bearing accounts referred to above. The closing shall be held at the offices of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P., at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, or at such other place and time as shall be agreed upon by the parties hereto, on a business day to be agreed upon by the parties hereto. The Company shall notify the Agent by telephone, confirmed in writing, when funds shall have been received for all the Securities. Certificates for Securities shall be delivered directly to the purchasers thereof in accordance with their directions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certificates for Securities purchased through Selected Dealers shall be made available to the Agent for inspection at least 48 hours prior to the Closing Time at such office as the Agent shall designate. The hour and date upon which the Company shall release for delivery all of the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof, is herein called the "Closing Time."

The Company will pay any stock issue and transfer taxes which may be payable with respect to the sale of the Securities.

In addition to the reimbursement of the expenses specified in Section 4 hereof, the Agent will receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:

(a) One percent (1.00%) of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities sold in the Subscription and Community Offering, excluding in each case shares purchased by (i) any employee benefit plan of the Company or the Bank established for the benefit of their respective directors, officers and employees, and (ii) any director, officer or employee of the Company or the Bank or members of their immediate families (which term shall mean parents, grandparents, spouse, siblings, children and grandchildren); and

(b) With respect to any Securities sold by a National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") member firm (other than Sandler O'Neill) in the Syndicated Community Offering, (i) the compensation payable to Selected Dealers, (ii) any sponsoring dealer's fees; and (iii) a management fee to Sandler O'Neill of one percent (1.0 %) of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities sold in the Syndicated Community Offering. Any fees payable to Sandler O'Neill for Securities sold by Sandler O'Neill under any such agreement shall be limited to an aggregate of six percent (6.0 %) of the purchase price of the Securities sold by Sandler O'Neill and other NASD member firms.

If this Agreement is terminated by the Agent in accordance with the provisions of Section 9(a) hereof, no fee shall be payable by the Company to Sandler O'Neill; provided, however, that the Company shall reimburse the Agent for all of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred prior to termination, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Agent in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 hereof. In addition, the

19





Company shall be obligated to pay the fees and expenses as contemplated by the provisions of Section 4 hereof in the event of any such termination.

All fees payable to the Agent hereunder shall be payable in immediately available funds at Closing Time, or upon the termination of this Agreement, as the case may be. In recognition of the long lead times involved in the conversion process, the Bank agreed to make an advance payment to the Agent in the amount of $25,000, all of which has been previously paid, which shall be credited against any fees or reimbursement of expenses payable hereunder. In the event that the advance payment exceeds the amount due in payment of fees and reimbursement of expenses hereunder, the excess shall be refunded.

SECTION 3. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY, THE MHCS AND THE BANK. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank covenant with the Agent as follows:

(a) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will prepare and file such amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Holding Company Application, the MHC Application and the Proxy Statement as may hereafter be required by the Securities Act Regulations or the OTS Regulations or as may hereafter be requested by the Agent. Following completion of the Subscription and Community Offering, in the event of a Syndicated Community Offering, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will (i) promptly prepare and file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the results of the Subscription and Community Offering, any additional information with respect to the proposed plan of distribution and any revised pricing information or (ii) if no such post-effective amendment is required, will file with the Commission a prospectus or prospectus supplement containing information relating to the results of the Subscription and Community Offering and pricing information pursuant to Rule 424 of the Securities Act Regulations, in either case in a form acceptable to the Agent. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will notify the Agent immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) of the effectiveness of any post-effective amendment of the Registration Statement, the filing of any supplement to the Prospectus and the filing of any amendment to the Plans, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the OTS or the Commission with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Plans, (iii) of any request by the Commission or the OTS for any amendment to the Registration Statement or the Plans or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the OTS of any order suspending the Offerings or the use of the Prospectus or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, and (vi) of the receipt of any notice with respect to the suspension of any qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will take all necessary action to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(b) The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent and the Agent represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the offered Securities

20





that would constitute an "issuer free writing prospectus," as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, or that would constitute a "free writing prospectus," as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations, required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the Agent is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Free Writing Prospectus." The Company represents that it has and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping. The Company need not treat any communication as a free writing prospectus if it is exempt from the definition of prospectus pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act without regard to Rule 172 or 173 of the Securities Act Regulations.

(c) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will give the Agent notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Plans or Registration Statement (including any post-effective amendment) or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus (including any revised prospectus which the Company proposes for use in connection with the Syndicated Community Offering of the Securities which differs from the prospectus on file at the Commission at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective, whether or not such revised prospectus is required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations), will furnish the Agent with copies of any such amendment or supplement a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file any such amendment or supplement or use any such prospectus to which the Agent or counsel for the Agent may object.

(d) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will deliver to the Agent as many signed copies and as many conformed copies of the Holding Company Application, the MHC Application and the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein) as the Agent may reasonably request, and from time to time such number of copies of the Prospectus as the Agent may reasonably request.

(e) During the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will comply, at their own expense, with all requirements imposed upon them by the OTS, by the OTS Regulations, as from time to time in force, and by the Nasdaq Global Market, the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation M under the Exchange Act, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales or dealing in shares of the Securities during such period in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus.

(f) If any event or circumstance shall occur as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Agent, to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus in order to make the Prospectus not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will forthwith amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Agent) so that, as so amended or

21





supplemented, the Registration Statement or Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading, and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will furnish to the Agent a reasonable number of copies of such amendment or supplement. For the purpose of this subsection, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will each furnish such information with respect to itself as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

(g) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will take all necessary action, in cooperation with the Agent, to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states of the United States and other jurisdictions as the OTS Regulations may require and as the Agent and the Company have agreed; provided, however, that none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank shall be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified. In each jurisdiction in which the Securities have been so qualified, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not less than one year from the effective date of the Registration Statement.

(h) The Company authorizes Sandler O'Neill and any Selected Dealer to act as agent of the Company in distributing the Prospectus to persons entitled to receive subscription rights and other persons to be offered Securities having record addresses in the states or jurisdictions set forth in a survey of the securities or "blue sky" laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Offerings will be made (the "Blue Sky Survey").

(i) The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than 60 days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement covering a twelve month period beginning not later than the first day of the Company's fiscal quarter next following the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 158 of the Securities Act Regulations) that will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act.

(j) During the period ending on the third anniversary of the expiration of the fiscal year during which the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby occurs, the Company will furnish to its stockholders as soon as practicable after the end of each such fiscal year an annual report (including consolidated statements of financial condition and consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows, certified by independent public accountants) and, as soon as practicable after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal quarter ending after the effective date of the Registration Statement), the Company will make available to its stockholders consolidated summary financial information of the Company and the Bank for such quarter in reasonable detail. In addition, such annual report and quarterly consolidated summary financial information shall be made public through the issuance of appropriate press releases at the same time or prior to the time of the furnishing thereof to stockholders of the Company.

22





(k) During the period ending on the fifth anniversary of the expiration of the fiscal year during which the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby occurs, the Company will furnish to the Agent (i) as soon as publicly available, a copy of each report or other document of the Company furnished generally to stockholders of the Company or furnished to or filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act or any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed, and (ii) from time to time, such other information concerning the Company as the Agent may reasonably request.

(l) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will comply, at their own expense, with all requirements imposed by the Commission, the OTS and the Nasdaq Global Market, or pursuant to the applicable Securities Act Regulations, OTS Regulations and Nasdaq Global Market Regulations, as from time to time in force.

(m) The Company will promptly inform the Agent upon its receipt of service with respect to any material litigation or administrative action instituted with respect to the Offerings.

(n) Each of the Company and the Bank will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner specified in the Prospectus under "Use of Proceeds."

(o) The Company will report the use of proceeds from the Offerings on its first periodic report filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act and on any subsequent periodic reports as may be required pursuant to Rule 463 of the Securities Act Regulations.

(p) The Company will maintain the effectiveness of the Exchange Act Registration Statement for not less than three years and will comply in all material respects with its filing obligations under the Exchange Act. The Company will use its best efforts to effect and maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market and, once listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Company will comply with all applicable corporate governance standards required by the Nasdaq Global Market. The Company will file with the Nasdaq Global Market all documents and notices required by the Nasdaq Global Market of companies that have issued securities that are traded in the over-the-counter market and quotations for which are reported by the Nasdaq Global Market.

(q) The Company and the Bank will take such actions and furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agent in order for the Agent to ensure compliance with Rule 2790 of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

(r) Other than in connection with any employee benefit plan or arrangement described in the Prospectus, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Agent, sell or issue, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, any shares of Common Stock other than the Securities for a period of 180 days following the Closing Time.

23





(s) During the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the fifth anniversary of the Closing Time or the date on which the Agent receives full payment in satisfaction of any claim for indemnification or contribution to which it may be entitled pursuant to Sections 6 or 7, respectively, none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank shall, without the prior written consent of the Agent, take or permit to be taken any action that could result in the Bank Common Stock becoming subject to any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien or encumbrance.

(t) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will comply with the conditions imposed by or agreed to with the OTS in connection with its approval of the Holding Company and the MHC Application including the Plans.

(u) During the period ending on the first anniversary of the Closing Time, the Bank will comply with all applicable laws and regulations necessary for the Bank to continue to be a "qualified thrift lender" within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. Section 1467a(m).

(v) The Company shall not deliver the Securities until the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have satisfied each condition set forth in Section 5 hereof, unless such condition is waived by the Agent.

(w) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will furnish to Sandler O'Neill as early as practicable prior to the Closing Date, but no later than two (2) full business days prior thereto, a copy of the latest available unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company which have been read by Deloitte & Touche LLP, as stated in their letters to be furnished pursuant to subsections (f) and (g) of Section 5 hereof.

(x) Each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will conduct its business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws, rules, regulations, decisions, directives and orders, including all decisions, directives and orders of the Commission, the Nasdaq Global Market and the OTS.

(y) The Bank will not amend the Plans in any manner that would affect the sale of the Securities or the terms of this Agreement without the consent of the Agent.

(z) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will not, prior to the Closing Time, incur any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, or enter into any material transaction, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, except as contemplated by the Prospectus.

(aa) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will use all reasonable efforts to comply with, or cause to be complied with, the conditions precedent to the several obligations of the Agent specified in Section 5 hereof.

(bb) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will provide the Agent with any information necessary to carry out the allocation of the Securities in the event of an oversubscription, and such information will be accurate and reliable in all material respects.

24





(cc) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will notify the Agent when funds have been received for the minimum number of Securities set forth in the Prospectus.

(dd) At the Closing Time, (i) the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will have completed the conditions precedent to the Offerings in accordance with the Plans, the applicable OTS Regulations and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all material terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the Company, the MHCs or the Bank by the Commission, the OTS or any other regulatory authority or Blue Sky authority, and will comply with those which the regulatory authority permits to be completed after the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance; and (ii) the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance will have been effected in the manner described in the Prospectus and in accordance with the Plans, the OTS Regulations and all other applicable material laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including in compliance with all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the Company, the MHCs and the Bank by the Commission, the OTS, the FDIC or any other regulatory or Blue Sky authority.

SECTION 4. PAYMENT OF EXPENSES. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank jointly and severally agree to pay all expenses incident to the performance of their obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the cost of obtaining all securities and bank regulatory approvals, (ii) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement and the Plans as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities purchased in the Offerings, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Company's, the MHCs's and the Bank's counsel, conversion agent, accountants, appraiser and other advisors, (v) the qualification of the Securities under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the fees and disbursements of counsel in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation of the Blue Sky Survey, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto and the printing and delivery of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto to the purchasers in the Offerings and the Agent (in such quantities as the Agent shall reasonably request), (vii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of a Blue Sky Survey, and (viii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Securities on the Nasdaq Global Market. In the event the Agent incurs any such fees and expenses on behalf of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, the Bank will reimburse the Agent for such fees and expenses whether or not the Offerings are consummated; provided, however, that the Agent shall not incur any substantial expenses on behalf of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank pursuant to this Section without the prior approval of the Bank.

The Company, the MHCs and the Bank jointly and severally agree to pay certain expenses incident to the performance of the Agent's obligations under this Agreement, regardless of whether the Offerings are consummated, including (i) the filing fees paid or incurred by the Agent in connection with all filings with the NASD, and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent relating to the Offerings, including without limitation, fees and expenses of the Agent's counsel, advertising, promotional, syndication

25





and travel expenses. All fees and expenses to which the Agent is entitled to reimbursement under this paragraph of this Section 4 shall be due and payable upon receipt by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank of a written accounting therefor setting forth in reasonable detail the expenses incurred by the Agent.

SECTION 5. CONDITIONS OF AGENT'S OBLIGATIONS. The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Agent agree that the issuance and the sale of Securities and all obligations of the Agent hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank herein contained as of the date hereof and the Closing Time, to the accuracy of the statements of officers and directors of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank made pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company, the MHCs and the Bank of their obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:

(a) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act or proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the Commission, no order suspending the Offerings or authorization for final use of the Prospectus shall have been issued or proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the Commission or the OTS, and no order suspending the sale of the Securities in any jurisdiction shall have been issued.

(b) At Closing Time, the Agent shall have received:

(1) The favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P., counsel for the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Agent, to the effect that:

(i) The Company, at the Closing Time, will be duly organized and validly existing as a federal stock holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of America; the Federal MHC, at the Closing Time, will be duly organized and validly existing as a federal mutual holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of America; the PA MHC has been duly organized and is validly existing as a mutual holding company chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; the Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing as a stock savings bank chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

(ii) Each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank has full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

26





(iii) Each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank is duly qualified as a domestic or foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the United States of America, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iv) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, and no capital stock of the Company has been issued prior to the Closing Time; upon consummation of the Offerings, the authorized issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company will be within the range set forth in the Prospectus under "Capitalization".

(v) The authorized capital stock of the Bank consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, and the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank is 3,441,383 shares of common stock, all of which are owned beneficially and of record by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank has been duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable and has been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws.

(vi) The Securities have been duly and validly authorized for issuance and sale; the Securities, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plans against payment of the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plans, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable.

(vii) The issuance of the Securities is not subject to preemptive or other similar rights arising by operation of the law or, to counsel's knowledge after due inquiry, otherwise, except for subscription rights granted pursuant to the Plans.

(viii) The issuance of the Securities is in compliance with all conditions imposed upon the Company, the MHCs and the Bank by the OTS under the terms of their written approval or notice of intention not to object, as applicable.

27





(ix) Each of the Company and the MHCs is registered as a savings and loan holding company under the Home Owners Loan Act.

(x) The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and the deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits.

(xi) Each Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and each of the Subsidiaries has full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the activities of each Subsidiary are permitted to subsidiaries of a Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank, in the case of the Bank, and a federally chartered stock holding company, in the case of the Company, by the rules, regulations, resolutions and practices of the OTS, the Department and the FDIC; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the MHCs or the Bank, as the case may be, directly, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, or legal or equitable claim.

(xii) The OTS has duly approved the Holding Company Application and the MHC Application, including the Plans; the FDIC has duly approved the Bank Merger Application; the Department has duly approved the Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank and the Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate; such approvals remains in full force and effect and no action is pending, or to the best of such counsel's knowledge, threatened respecting such approvals or the Plans. Such approvals remain in full force and effect and no action is pending, or to such counsel's knowledge, threatened respecting the approvals or the Plans; the Holding Company Application, the MHC Application, the Bank Merger Application, the Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank and the Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate and the Plans comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the OTS, the FDIC and the Department, as applicable, include all documents required to be filed as exhibits thereto, and are, to such counsel's knowledge, truthful, accurate and

28





complete (other than the financial statements, notes to financial statements and tabular, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered) and the Company is duly authorized to own all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank.

(xiii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the incurrence of the obligations herein set forth, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (A) have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnity and contribution hereunder may be limited under applicable law (it being understood that such counsel may avail itself of customary exceptions concerning the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws and the availability of equitable remedies); (B) will not result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, reorganization certificate, articles of incorporation or charter, as the case may be, or bylaws of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary; and, (C) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance, that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect upon any property or assets of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries pursuant to any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries is subject.

(xiv) The Prospectus and the Proxy Statement have been duly authorized by the OTS for final use pursuant to the OTS Regulations and no action has been taken or is pending, or to the best of such counsel's knowledge after due inquiry, is threatened, by the OTS to revoke such authorization.

(xv) The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act or, proceedings therefor initiated or, to the best of such counsel's knowledge, threatened by the Commission.

29





(xvi) No further approval, authorization, consent or other order of any public board or body is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance of the Securities and the consummation of the Plans, except as may be required under the securities or "Blue Sky" laws of various jurisdictions as to which no opinion need be rendered.

(xvii) At the time the Registration Statement became effective, the Registration Statement (other than the financial statements and statistical data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered) complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the OTS Regulations.

(xviii) The Common Stock conforms to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus, and the form of certificate used to evidence the Common Stock is in due and proper form and complies with all applicable statutory requirements.

(xix) There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened against or affecting the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries which are required, individually or in the aggregate, to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, other than those disclosed therein, and all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary is a party or to which any of their property is subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, are, considered in the aggregate, not material.

(xx) The information in the Prospectus under "Risk Factors," "We Intend to Continue to Pay Quarterly Cash Dividends," "Regulation," "Taxation," "The Offering," "The Reorganization," "Restrictions on Acquisition of Alliance Bancorp and Alliance Bank and Related Anti-Takeover Provisions" "Description of Alliance Bancorp Capital Stock," and "Legal and Tax Opinions" to the extent that it constitutes matters of law, summaries of legal matters, documents or proceedings, or legal conclusions, has been reviewed by them and is complete and accurate in all material respects.

(xxi) There are no contracts, indentures, mortgages, loan agreements, notes, leases or other instruments required to be described or referred to in the Registration Statement and Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits thereto other than those described or referred to therein or filed as exhibits thereto and the descriptions thereof or references thereto are correct, and no default exists, and no event has

30





occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default, in the due performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument so described, referred to or filed.

(xxii) The approvals of the OTS, the FDIC and the Department of the Plans and the actions contemplated thereunder remain in full force and effect, and the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization has been approved by the requisite vote of the Bank's stockholders; the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have conducted the Offerings in all material respects in accordance with applicable requirements of the OTS Regulations, the Plans and all other applicable regulations, decisions and orders thereunder, including all material applicable terms, conditions, requirements and conditions precedent to the Offerings imposed upon the Company, the MHCs or the Bank by the OTS and, no order has been issued by the OTS to suspend the Offerings and no action for such purpose has been instituted or threatened by the OTS; and, to the best of such counsel's knowledge after due inquiry, no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of the OTS, the Department or the FDIC in approving the Plans and the actions contemplated thereunder.

(xxiii) To the best of such counsel's knowledge after due inquiry, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental approvals and authorizations currently required for the conduct of their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, and all such licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries are in all material respects complying therewith.

(xxiv) (A) None of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, or any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of their respective certificates of incorporation, organization certificate, articles of incorporation or charter, as the case may be, or bylaws and (B) to the best of such counsel's knowledge, the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries are not in default (nor has any event occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, the Subsidiaries or any of their property may be bound.

31





(xxv) The Company is in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(xxvi) The Company is not and, upon completion of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, will not be required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(2) The favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC, counsel for the Agent, with respect to the matters set forth in Section 5(b)(1)(i), (iv), (v), (vi), (ix), (xi), (xiv) and (xvi) and such other matters as the Agent may reasonably require.

(3) In addition to giving their opinions required by subsections (b)(l) and (b)(2), respectively, of this Section, Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. and Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC shall each additionally state that nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that the Registration Statement (except for financial statements and schedules and other financial or statistical data included therein, as to which counsel need make no statement), at the time it became effective, or that the General Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or that the Prospectus (except for financial statements and schedules and other financial or statistical data included therein, as to which counsel need make no statement), at the time the Registration Statement became effective or at Closing Time, included or includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

In giving their opinions, Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. and Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC may rely as to matters of fact on certificates of officers and directors of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries and certificates of public officials, and Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC may also rely on the opinion of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. with respect to matters set forth in paragraphs (i), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix), (xi), (xiii), (xiv), (xv), (xvi) and (xvii).

(c) At Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank shall have completed in all material respects the conditions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance in accordance with the Plans, the applicable OTS Regulations and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the Company, the MHCs or the Bank by the OTS, or any other regulatory authority other than those which the OTS permits to be completed after the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance.

(d) At Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,

32





any material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and the Agent shall have received a certificate of the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, of the MHCs and of the Bank and the chief financial or chief accounting officer of the Company, of the MHCs and of the Bank, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change, (ii) there shall have been no material transaction entered into by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank from the latest date as of which the financial condition of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus other than transactions referred to or contemplated therein and transactions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (iii) neither the Company, the MHCs nor the Bank shall have received from the OTS any order or direction (oral or written) to make any material change in the method of conducting its business with which it has not complied (which order or direction, if any, shall have been disclosed in writing to the Agent) or which materially and adversely would affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, considered as one enterprise, (iv) the representations and warranties in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (v) each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to Closing Time, (vi) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been initiated or threatened by the Commission, and (vii) no order suspending the Subscription and Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering or the authorization for final use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been initiated or threatened by the OTS and no person has sought to obtain regulatory or judicial review of the action of the OTS in approving the Plans in accordance with the OTS Regulations nor has any person sought to obtain regulatory or judicial review of the action of the OTS in approving the Plans.

(e) At the Closing Time, the Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, of the MHCs and of the Bank and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, of the MHCs and of the Bank, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) they have reviewed the contents of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (ii) based on each of their knowledge, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading; and (iii) based on each of their knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly present the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank and the Subsidiaries as of and for the dates and periods covered by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(f) At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Agent shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, to the effect that: (i) they are independent public accountants with respect to the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the AICPA, the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the OTS Regulations, they are registered with the PCAOB, and they are not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the

33





Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) it is their opinion that the consolidated financial statements and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement and covered by their opinions therein comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations; (iii) based upon limited procedures as agreed upon by the Agent and Deloitte & Touche LLP set forth in detail in such letter, nothing has come to their attention which causes them to believe that (A) the unaudited consolidated financial statements and supporting schedules of the Company included in the Registration Statement do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations and the OTS Regulations or are not presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (B) the unaudited amounts of net interest income and net income set forth under "Selected Financial and Other Data" in the Registration Statement and Prospectus do not agree with the amounts set forth in unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the dates and periods presented under such captions or such amounts were not determined on a basis substantially consistent with that used in determining the corresponding amounts in the audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, (C) at a specified date not more than five (5) business days prior to the date of this Agreement, there has been any increase in the consolidated long-term or short-term debt of the Company or any decrease in consolidated total assets, the allowance for loan losses, total deposits or net worth of the Company, in each case as compared with the amounts shown in the consolidated statements of financial conditions included in the Registration Statement or, (D) during the period from January 1, 2006 to a specified date not more than five (5) business days prior to the date of this Agreement, there were any decreases, as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, in total interest income, net interest income, net interest income after provision for loan losses, income before income tax expense or net income of the Company, except in all instances for increases or decreases which the Registration Statement and the Prospectus disclose have occurred or may occur; and (iv) in addition to the examination referred to in their opinions and the limited procedures referred to in clause (iii) above, they have carried out certain specified procedures, not constituting an audit, with respect to certain amounts, percentages and financial information which are included in the Registration Statement and Prospectus and which are specified by the Agent, and have found such amounts, percentages and financial information to be in agreement with the relevant accounting, financial and other records of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank identified in such letter.

(g) At Closing Time, the Agent shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP a letter, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than five (5) days prior to Closing Time.

(h) At Closing Time, the Securities shall have been approved for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Market upon notice of issuance.

(i) At Closing Time, the Agent shall have received a letter from the Appraiser, dated as of the Closing Time, confirming its appraisal.

34





(j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Agent shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and related proceedings, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and counsel for the Agent.

(k) At any time prior to Closing Time, (i) there shall not have occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or elsewhere or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis the effect of which, in the judgment of the Agent, is so material and adverse as to make it impracticable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts, including subscriptions or orders, for the sale of the Securities, and (ii) trading generally on either the American Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market shall not have been suspended, and minimum or maximum prices for trading shall not have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required, by either of said Exchanges or by order of the Commission or any other governmental authority, and a banking moratorium shall not have been declared by either Federal, Pennsylvania or New York authorities.

35





SECTION 6. INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, each person, if any, who controls the Agent, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and its respective partners, directors, officers, employees and agents as follows:

(i) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, related to or arising out of the Offerings or any action taken by the Agent where acting as agent of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank or otherwise as described in Section 2 hereof;

(ii) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, based upon or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(iii) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and

(iv) from and against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including, subject to Section 6(c) hereof, the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Agent), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation, proceeding or inquiry by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim pending or threatened whatsoever described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above;

provided, however, that the indemnification provided for in this paragraph (a) shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading which was made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information.

36





(b) The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, their directors, each of their officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, of a material fact made in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information.

(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to no more than one local counsel in each separate jurisdiction in which any action or proceeding is commenced) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances.

(d) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank also agree that the Agent shall not have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the MHCs and its members, the Bank, the Company's, the MHCs's or the Bank's creditors relating to or arising out of the engagement of the Agent pursuant to, or the performance by the Agent of the services contemplated by, this Agreement.

(e) In addition to, and without limiting, the provisions of Section (6)(a)(iv) hereof, in the event that the Agent, any person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or any of its partners, directors, officers, employees or agents is requested or required to appear as a witness or otherwise gives testimony in any action, proceeding, investigation or inquiry brought by or on behalf of or against the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, the Agent or any of its respective affiliates or any participant in the transactions contemplated hereby in which the Agent or such person or agent is not named as a defendant, the Company, the MHCs, and the Bank, jointly and severally, agree to reimburse the Agent and its partners, directors, officers, employees or agents for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with preparing or appearing as a witness or otherwise giving testimony and to compensate the Agent and its partners, directors, officers, employees or agents in an amount to be mutually agreed upon.

SECTION 7. CONTRIBUTION. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnity agreement provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason held to be unenforceable by the indemnified parties although applicable in accordance with its terms, the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, and the Agent shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank and the Agent, as incurred, in such proportions (i) that the Agent is responsible for that portion represented by the percentage that the maximum aggregate

37





marketing fees appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the maximum aggregate gross proceeds appearing thereon and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank are jointly and severally responsible for the balance or (ii) if, but only if, the allocation provided for in clause (i) is for any reason held unenforceable, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits to the Company, the MHCs and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the other, as reflected in clause (i), but also the relative fault of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the other, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided, however, that no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Agent, and each director of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company, the MHCs or the Bank within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company, the MHCs and the Bank. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Agent be required to contribute an aggregate amount in excess of the aggregate marketing fees to which the Agent is entitled and actually paid pursuant to this Agreement.

SECTION 8. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS TO SURVIVE DELIVERY. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement, or contained in certificates of officers of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent or any controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company, and shall survive delivery of the Securities.

SECTION 9. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.

(a) The Agent may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing Time (i) if there has been, since the date of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, any material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or elsewhere or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis the effect of which, in the judgment of the Agent, is so material and adverse as to make it impracticable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts, including subscriptions or orders, for the sale of the Securities, (iii) if trading generally on the Nasdaq Global Market, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange has been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required, by either of said Exchanges or by order of the Commission or any other governmental authority, or if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal, Pennsylvania or New York authorities, (iv) if any condition specified in Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled; (v) if there shall have been such material adverse changes in the condition or prospects of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank or the prospective market for the Company's Securities as in the Agent's

38





good faith opinion would make it inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities; (vi) if, in the Agent's good faith opinion, the price for the Securities established by the Appraiser is not reasonable or equitable under then prevailing market conditions, or (vii) if the Offerings are not consummated on or prior to June 30, 2007.

(b) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 2 and 4 hereof relating to the reimbursement of expenses and except that the provisions of Sections 6 and 7 hereof shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 10. NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Agent shall be directed to the Agent at 919 Third Avenue, 6  Floor, New York, New York 10022, attention of General Counsel, with a copy to Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC at 901 New York Avenue, N.W., Suite 210 East, Washington, DC 20001; notices to the Company, the MHCs and the Bank shall be directed to any of them at 541 Lawrence Road, Broomall, Pennsylvania 19008.

SECTION 11. PARTIES. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Agent, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Agent, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank and their respective successors and the controlling persons and the partners, officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Agent, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank and their respective successors, and said controlling persons, partners, officers and directors and their heirs, partners, legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation.

SECTION 12. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement represents the entire understanding of the parties hereto with reference to the transactions contemplated hereby and supersedes any and all other oral or written agreements heretofore made, except for the engagement letter dated May 11, 2006, by and between the Agent and the Bank, relating to the Agent's providing conversion agent services to the Company and the Bank. No waiver, amendment or other modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

SECTION 13. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said State without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Unless otherwise noted, specified times of day refer to Eastern time.

SECTION 14. SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or

39

th





provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.

SECTION 15. HEADINGS. Sections headings are not to be considered part of this Agreement, are for convenience and reference only, and are not to be deemed to be full or accurate descriptions of the contents of any paragraph or subparagraph.

[The next page is the signature page]





40





If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Agent on the one hand, and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank on the other in accordance with its terms.



Very truly yours,

Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania

By:



Name:



Title:



Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank

d/b/a Alliance Bank

By:



Name:



Title:



Greater Delaware Valley Holdings, A Mutual Company

By:



Name:



Title:



Alliance Mutual Holding Company

By:



Name:



Title:

  CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written:

              SANDLER O'NEILL & PARTNERS, L.P.

              By:

Sandler O'Neill & Partners Corp., the sole general partner



                            By:



Name:



Title:
